{"claim": "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau worked with the Fox Broadcasting Company.", "evidence": "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau -LRB- -LSB- ne\u0261\u030aola\u026a\u032f k\u02b0\u028csd\u0325\u0250 \u02c8\u028bald\u0325\u0251\u028a\u032f -RSB- ; born 27 July 1970 -RRB- is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter . He graduated from Danish National School of Theatre in Copenhagen in 1993 . Coster-Waldau 's breakthrough performance in Denmark was his role in the film Nightwatch -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . Since then he has appeared in numerous films in his native Scandinavia and Europe in general , including Headhunters -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and A Thousand Times Good Night -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .   In the United States , his debut film role was in the war film Black Hawk Down -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , playing Medal of Honor recipient Gary Gordon . He then played Detective John Amsterdam in the short-lived Fox television series New Amsterdam -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , as well as appearing as Frank Pike in the 2009 Fox television film Virtuality , originally intended as a pilot . He became widely known to a broad audience for his current role as Ser Jaime Lannister , in the HBO series Game of Thrones . In 2017 , he became one of the highest paid actors on television and earned # 2 million per episode of Game of Thrones .  The Fox Broadcasting Company -LRB- often shortened to Fox and stylized as FOX -RRB- is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group subsidiary of 21st Century Fox . The network is headquartered at the 20th Century Fox studio lot on Pico Boulevard in the Century City section of Los Angeles , with additional major offices and production facilities at the Fox Television Center in nearby West Los Angeles and the Fox Broadcasting Center in the Yorkville neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City . It is the third largest major television network in the world based on total revenues , assets , and international coverage .   Launched on October 9 , 1986 as a competitor to the Big Three television networks -LRB- ABC , NBC and CBS -RRB- , Fox went on to become the most successful attempt at a fourth television network . It was the highest-rated broadcast network in the 18 -- 49 demographic from 2004 to 2012 , and earned the position as the most-watched American television network in total viewership during the 2007 -- 08 season .   Fox and its affiliated companies operate many entertainment channels in international markets , although these do not necessarily air the same programming as the U.S. network . Most viewers in Canada have access to at least one U.S.-based Fox affiliate , either over-the-air or through a pay television provider , although Fox 's National Football League telecasts and most of its prime time programming are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations for cable and satellite providers imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission -LRB- CRTC -RRB- to protect rights held by domestically based networks .   The network is named after sister company 20th Century Fox , and indirectly for producer William Fox , who founded one of the movie studio 's predecessors , Fox Film . Fox is a member of the North American Broadcasters Association and the National Association of Broadcasters .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Roman Atwood is a content creator.", "evidence": "Roman Bernard Atwood -LRB- born May 28 , 1983 -RRB- is an American YouTube personality , comedian , vlogger and pranker . He is best known for his vlogs , where he posts updates about his life on a daily basis . His vlogging channel , `` RomanAtwoodVlogs '' , has a total of 3.3 billion views and 11.9 million subscribers . He also has another YouTube channel called `` RomanAtwood '' , where he posts pranks . His prank videos have gained over 1.4 billion views and 10.3 million subscribers . Both of these channels are in the top 100 most subscribed on YouTube , and he became the second YouTuber after Germ\u00e1n Garmendia to receive two Diamond Play Buttons for his two channels .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "History of art includes architecture, dance, sculpture, music, painting, poetry literature, theatre, narrative, film, photography and graphic arts.", "evidence": "The history of art is the history of any activity or product made by humans in a visual form for aesthetical or communicative purposes , expressing ideas , emotions or , in general , a worldview . Over time visual art has been classified in diverse ways , from the medieval distinction between liberal arts and mechanical arts , to the modern distinction between fine arts and applied arts , or to the many contemporary definitions , which define art as a manifestation of human creativity . The subsequent expansion of the list of principal arts in the 20th century reached to nine : architecture , dance , sculpture , music , painting , poetry -LRB- described broadly as a form of literature with aesthetic purpose or function , which also includes the distinct genres of theatre and narrative -RRB- , film , photography and graphic arts . In addition to the old forms of artistic expression such as fashion and gastronomy , new modes of expression are being considered as arts such as video , computer art , performance , advertising , animation , television and videogames .   The history of art is a multidisciplinary branch of the arts and sciences , seeking an objective examination of art throughout time , classifying cultures , establishing periodizations , and observing the distinctive and influential characteristics of art . The study of the history of art was initially developed during the Renaissance , with its limited scope being the artistic production of Western civilization . However , as time has passed , it has imposed a broader view of artistic history , seeking a comprehensive overview of all the civilizations and analysis of their artistic production in terms of their own cultural values -LRB- cultural relativism -RRB- , and not just western art history .   Today , art enjoys a wide network of study , dissemination and preservation of all the artistic legacy of mankind throughout history . The 20th century has seen the proliferation of institutions , foundations , art museums and galleries , in both the public and private sectors , dedicated to the analysis and cataloging of works of art as well as exhibitions aimed at a mainstream audience . The rise of media has been crucial in improving the study and dissemination of art . International events and exhibitions like the Whitney Biennial and biennales of Venice and S\u00e3o Paulo or the Documenta of Kassel have helped the development of new styles and trends . Prizes such as the Turner of the Tate Gallery , the Wolf Prize in Arts , the Pritzker Prize of architecture , the Pulitzer of photography and the Oscar of cinema also promote the best creative work on an international level . Institutions like UNESCO , with the establishment of the World Heritage Site lists , also help the conservation of the major monuments of the planet .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Adrienne Bailon is an accountant.", "evidence": "Adrienne Eliza Houghton -LRB- n\u00e9e Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality . Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW -LRB- 1999 -- 2007 -RRB- and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls -LRB- 2003 -- 2008 -RRB- .   Bailon recorded a debut solo album which was later shelved . Since then , Bailon has stated that she plans to record a Spanish-language solo album .   Aside from her work in 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , Bailon went on to develop her own acting career with roles in The Cheetah Girls films , Coach Carter and the MTV film All You 've Got . Aside from her work in film , she has also guest starred in numerous television series including the Disney Channel series That 's So Raven and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody . Bailon has established a solo music career , contributing two solo tracks , including `` What If '' , to The Cheetah Girls : One World soundtrack as well as the Confessions of a Shopaholic soundtrack , and numerous other guest musical ventures .   Bailon co-stars alongside television personality , model and actress Julissa Bermudez in their own reality series , Empire Girls : Julissa and Adrienne which airs on the Style Network . Adrienne met Julissa on the set of the 2006 film All You 've Got .   Currently , Bailon is one of the hosts of syndicated talk show The Real along with former fellow Disney Channel star Tamera Mowry , Jeannie Mai , and Loni Love , which premiered on July 15 , 2013 .   Bailon 's career , spanning over 16 years with both 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , has helped her sell a combined 5.6 million recording albums worldwide .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Homeland is an American television spy thriller based on the Israeli television series Prisoners of War.", "evidence": "Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War -LRB- Original title \u05d7\u05d8\u05d5\u05e4\u05d9\u05dd Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' -RRB- , which was created by Gideon Raff .   The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper . Mathison had come to believe that Brody , who was held captive by al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war , was `` turned '' by the enemy and poses a threat to the United States .   The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable channel Showtime , and is produced by Fox 21 Television Studios -LRB- formerly Fox 21 -RRB- . It premiered on October 2 , 2011 . The first episode was made available online , more than two weeks before the television broadcast , with viewers having to complete game tasks to gain access . On October 22 , 2013 , Showtime renewed Homeland for a fourth season , which premiered on October 5 , 2014 . On November 10 , 2014 , Showtime renewed the series for a 12-episode fifth season that premiered on October 4 , 2015 . On December 9 , 2015 , the series was renewed for a sixth season . The sixth season debuted on January 15 , 2017 . The series has also been renewed for a seventh and eighth season ; the eighth is planned to be the series ' final season by the creators .   The series has received generally positive reviews , and has won several awards , including the 2012 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series , and the 2011 and 2012 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama , as well as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Damian Lewis and Claire Danes , respectively .  Prisoners of War -LRB- original title in -RRB- is an Israeli television drama series made by Keshet and originally aired on Israel 's Channel 2 from March to May 2010 . A second season aired in Israel from October to December 2012 , and a third season is planned . The series was created by Israeli director , screenwriter and producer Gideon Raff . In 2010 it won the Israeli Academy Award for Television for Best Drama Series .   The programme was acquired by 20th Century Fox Television before it aired in Israel , and was adapted into the acclaimed series Homeland for Showtime in the United States . In India it was officially adapted as finite 126 episode television series P.O.W. - Bandi Yuddh Ke by Nikhil Advani in 2016 with Hatufim creator Gideon Raff consulting for the series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Boston Celtics play their home games at TD Garden.", "evidence": "The Boston Celtics -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8s\u025blt\u026aks -RSB- -RRB- are an American professional basketball team based in Boston , Massachusetts . The Celtics compete in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- as a member of the league 's Eastern Conference Atlantic Division . Founded in 1946 and one of eight NBA teams -LRB- out of 23 total teams -RRB- to survive the league 's first decade , the team is owned by Boston Basketball Partners LLC . The Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden , which they share with the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- 's Boston Bruins . The franchise 's 17 championships are the most of any NBA team , and account for 24.3 percent of all NBA championships since the league 's founding in 1946 . As a percentage of championships won , the Celtics are the most successful franchise to date in the major four traditional North American professional sports leagues .   The Celtics have played the Lakers a record 12 times in the finals , including their most recent appearances in 2008 and 2010 , where the Celtics have won nine meetings -LRB- but only two since 1980 -RRB- . Four Celtics players -LRB- Bob Cousy , Bill Russell , Dave Cowens and Larry Bird -RRB- have won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award for an NBA record total of 10 MVP awards . Their mascot ` Lucky the Leprechaun ' is a nod to the team 's Irish heritage and to Boston 's historically large Irish population .   The Celtics rose again after struggling through the 1990s to win a championship in 2008 with the help of Kevin Garnett , Paul Pierce , and Ray Allen in what was known as the new `` Big Three '' era , following the original `` Big Three '' era of the 1980s that featured Larry Bird , Kevin McHale , and Robert Parish .   After the end of the second `` Big Three '' era , general manager Danny Ainge began a rebuilding process with the help of new head coach Brad Stevens , who led the Celtics to a return to the playoffs in 2015 , 2016 , and 2017 . During the 2016 -- 17 season , the Celtics clinched the top seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Ten Commandments is an epic film.", "evidence": "The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision -LRB- color by Technicolor -RRB- , and released by Paramount Pictures . The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus . The Ten Commandments dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses , an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren , the enslaved Hebrews , and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai , where he receives , from God , the Ten Commandments . The film stars Charlton Heston in the lead role , Yul Brynner as Rameses , Anne Baxter as Nefretiri , Edward G. Robinson as Dathan , Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora , Debra Paget as Lilia , and John Derek as Joshua ; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi , Nina Foch as Bithiah , Martha Scott as Yoshebel , Judith Anderson as Memnet , and Vincent Price as Baka , among others .   Filmed on location in Egypt , Mount Sinai and the Sinai Peninsula , the film was DeMille 's last and most successful work . It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title , and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film . The film was released to cinemas in the USA on 5 October 1956 and , at the time of its release , was the most expensive film ever made .   In 1957 , the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture , winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects -LRB- John P. Fulton , A.S.C. -RRB- . Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture -LRB- Drama -RRB- for his role as Moses . Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I . It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made , grossing approximately $ 122.7 million at the box office during its initial release ; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest-grossing film of the decade . According to Guinness World Records , in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation .   In 1999 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' . In June 2008 , the American Film Institute revealed its `` Ten Top Ten '' -- the best ten films in ten American film genres -- after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community . The film was listed as the tenth best film in the epic genre . Network television has aired the film in prime time during the Passover/Easter season every year since 1973 . The last credited actor in the movie still alive is Joanna Merlin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tetris has sold millions of physical copies.", "evidence": "Tetris -LRB- , pronounced -LSB- \u02c8t\u025btr\u02b2\u026as -RSB- -RRB- is a tile-matching puzzle video game , originally designed and programmed by Russian game designer Alexey Pajitnov . It was released on June 6 , 1984 , while he was working for the Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre of the Academy of Science of the USSR in Moscow . He derived its name from the Greek numerical prefix tetra - -LRB- all of the game 's pieces contain four segments -RRB- and tennis , Pajitnov 's favorite sport .   Tetris was the first entertainment software to be exported from the USSR to the US , where it was published by Spectrum HoloByte for Commodore 64 and IBM PC . The Tetris game is a popular use of tetrominoes , the four-element special case of polyominoes . Polyominoes have been used in popular puzzles since at least 1907 , and the name was given by the mathematician Solomon W. Golomb in 1953 . However , even the enumeration of pentominoes is dated to antiquity .   The game -LRB- or one of its many variants -RRB- is available for nearly every video game console and computer operating system , as well as on devices such as graphing calculators , mobile phones , portable media players , PDAs , Network music players and even as an Easter egg on non-media products like oscilloscopes . It has even inspired Tetris serving dishes and been played on the sides of various buildings .   While versions of Tetris were sold for a range of 1980s home computer platforms as well as arcades , it was the hugely successful handheld version for the Game Boy launched in 1989 that established the game as one of the most popular ever . Electronic Gaming Monthly '' 's 100th issue had Tetris in first place as `` Greatest Game of All Time '' . In 2007 , Tetris came in second place in IGN 's `` 100 Greatest Video Games of All Time '' . In January 2010 , it was announced that the Tetris franchise had sold more than 170 million copies , approximately 70 million physical copies and over 100 million copies for cell phones , making it the best selling paid-downloaded game of all time . On 14 March 2014 , The Tetris Company announced a deal to bring Tetris '' to two of the latest hardware platforms , the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 , in partnership with Ubisoft -LRB- publishing -RRB- and SoMa Play -LRB- development -RRB- , to coincide with the franchise 's 30th anniversary .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cyndi Lauper won the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985.", "evidence": "Cynthia Ann Stephanie `` Cyndi '' Lauper -LRB- born June 22 , 1953 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , actress and LGBTQ activist . Her career has spanned over 30 years . Her debut solo album She 's So Unusual -LRB- 1983 -RRB- was the first debut female album to chart four top-five hits on the Billboard Hot 100 -- `` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' , `` Time After Time '' , `` She Bop '' , and `` All Through the Night '' -- and earned Lauper the Best New Artist award at the 27th Grammy Awards in 1985 . Her success continued with the soundtrack for the motion picture The Goonies and her second record True Colors -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . This album included the number one single `` True Colors '' and `` Change of Heart '' , which peaked at number 3 .   Since 1989 , Lauper has released nine studio albums and participated in many other projects . In 2010 , Memphis Blues , became Billboard 's most successful blues album of the year , remaining at # 1 on the Billboard Blues Albums chart for 13 consecutive weeks . In 2013 , Lauper won the Tony Award for Best Original Score for composing the Broadway musical Kinky Boots , making her the first woman to win the category by herself . The musical was awarded five other Tonys including Tony Award for Best New Musical . In 2014 , Lauper was awarded the Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album for the cast recording . In 2016 , the West End production won Best New Musical at the Olivier Awards   Lauper has established herself as a pop culture icon selling over 50 million records and 20 million singles . She has won awards at the Grammys , Emmys , Tonys , the New York 's Outer Critics Circle , MTV Video Music Awards -LRB- VMAs -RRB- , Billboard Awards , and American Music Awards -LRB- AMAs -RRB- . An inductee into both the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Hollywood Walk of Fame , Lauper is one of the few singers to win three of the four major American entertainment awards -LRB- EGOT -RRB- . Lauper won the inaugural Best Female Video prize at the 1984 VMAs for Girls Just Want To Have Fun . This music video is recognized by MTV , VH1 and Rolling Stone Magazine as one of the greatest ever music videos of the era . She is featured in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum 's Women Who Rock exhibit . Her debut album is included in Rolling Stone '' 's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time , while Time After Time is included in Vh1 's list of the 100 Best Songs of the Past 25 years . VH1 has ranked Lauper No. 58 of the 100 Greatest Women of Rock & Roll '' .   Lauper has been celebrated for her humanitarian work , particularly as an advocate for LGBT rights in the United States . Her charitable efforts were acknowledged in 2013 when the singer was invited as a special guest to attend US President Barack Obama 's second-term inaugural .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a movie called The Hunger Games.", "evidence": "The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins . It is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray . The film stars Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , Liam Hemsworth , Woody Harrelson , Elizabeth Banks , Lenny Kravitz , Stanley Tucci , and Donald Sutherland . The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem , where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games , a televised annual event in which the `` tributes '' are required to fight to the death until there is only one survivor . Katniss Everdeen -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- volunteers to take her younger sister 's place . Joined by her district 's male tribute , Peeta Mellark -LRB- Hutcherson -RRB- , Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- .   Development of The Hunger Games began in March 2009 when Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement with Color Force , which had acquired the rights a few weeks earlier . Collins collaborated with Ray and Ross to write the screenplay . The screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience and Ross added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow . The main characters were cast between March and May 2011 . Principal photography began in May 2011 and ended in September 2011 , with filming taking place in North Carolina . The Hunger Games was shot entirely on film as opposed to digital .   The film was released on March 21 , 2012 , in some European countries and in the US on March 23 , 2012 , in both conventional theaters and digital IMAX theaters . Japan received it last , on September 28 . When the film released , it set records for opening day -LRB- $ 67.3 million -RRB- and opening weekend for a non-sequel . At the time of its release , the film 's opening weekend gross -LRB- $ 152.5 million -RRB- was the third-largest of any movie in North America . It is the first film since Avatar to remain in first place at the North American box office for four consecutive weekends . The film was a massive box-office success by grossing over $ 694 million worldwide against its budget of $ 78 million , making it the third-highest-grossing film in the United States and ninth-highest-grossing worldwide of 2012 . It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 18 , 2012 . With 7,434,058 units sold , the DVD was the best-selling DVD of 2012 . A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .   The Hunger Games received positive reviews from critics , with praise for its themes and messages , as well as Jennifer Lawrence 's portrayal of Katniss , though there was criticism of the film 's use of shaky cam in the action sequences . Like the novel , the film has been noted for its similarities to other works , such as Robert Sheckley 's short story `` Seventh Victim '' and its Italian film adaptation The 10th Victim , the Japanese novel Battle Royale and its film adaptation , and the Shirley Jackson short story `` The Lottery '' , with some criticizing The Hunger Games for being derivative of such works . Collins stated in an interview that her novel and screenplay drew on sources of inspiration such as the myth of Theseus , Roman gladiatorial games , reality television , and the desensitization of viewers to media coverage of real-life tragedy and war , not to think as just an audience member , `` Because those are real people on the screen , and they 're not going away when the commercials start to roll . '' The song `` Safe & Sound '' won a Grammy Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song . For her performance , Lawrence won the Saturn Award for Best Actress , the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress in an Action Movie , the Empire Award for Best Actress and was also nominated for the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ryan Gosling has been to a country in Africa.", "evidence": "Ryan Thomas Gosling -LRB- born November 12 , 1980 -RRB- is a Canadian actor and musician . He began his career as a child star on the Disney Channel 's Mickey Mouse Club -LRB- 1993 -- 95 -RRB- and went on to appear in other family entertainment programs including Are You Afraid of the Dark ? -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and Goosebumps -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . His first starring film role was as a Jewish neo-Nazi in The Believer -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , and he went on to star in several independent films , including Murder by Numbers -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , The Slaughter Rule -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and The United States of Leland -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .   Gosling came to the attention of a wider audience in 2004 with a leading role in the commercially successful romantic drama The Notebook . His performance as a drug-addicted teacher in Half Nelson -LRB- 2006 -RRB- was nominated for an Academy Award and his performance as a socially inept loner in Lars and the Real Girl -LRB- 2007 -RRB- was nominated for a Golden Globe Award . After a three-year acting hiatus , Gosling starred in the marital drama Blue Valentine -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , earning him a second Golden Globe nomination . Gosling co-starred in three mainstream films in 2011the romantic comedy-drama Crazy , Stupid , Love , the political drama The Ides of March , and the action thriller Driveand received two more Golden Globe nominations . Gosling 's directorial debut Lost River was released in 2014 to poor reviews . Greater success came to Gosling when he starred in two critically acclaimed filmsthe financial comedy-drama The Big Short -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and the musical La La Land -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . For the latter , he won a Golden Globe Award and received a second Oscar nomination .   Gosling 's band , Dead Man 's Bones , released their self-titled debut album and toured North America in 2009 . He is a co-owner of Tagine , a Moroccan restaurant in Beverly Hills , California . He is a supporter of PETA , Invisible Children and the Enough Project and has traveled to Chad , Uganda and eastern Congo to raise awareness about conflicts in the regions .  Chad -LRB- -LSB- t\u0283\u00e6d -RSB- \u062a\u0634\u0627\u062f ; Tchad -LSB- t\u0283a -LRB- d -RRB- -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Chad -LRB- ; `` Republic of the Chad '' -RRB- , is a landlocked country in Central Africa . It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest and Niger to the west . It is the fifth largest country in Africa in terms of area .   Chad has several regions : a desert zone in the north , an arid Sahelian belt in the centre and a more fertile Sudanian Savanna zone in the south . Lake Chad , after which the country is named , is the largest wetland in Chad and the second-largest in Africa . The capital N'Djamena is the largest city .   Chad 's official languages are Arabic and French . Chad is home to over 200 different ethnic and linguistic groups . The religions of Chad are Islam -LRB- at 55 % -RRB- , followed by Christianity -LRB- at 40 % -RRB- .   Beginning in the 7th millennium BC , human populations moved into the Chadian basin in great numbers . By the end of the 1st millennium BC , a series of states and empires had risen and fallen in Chad 's Sahelian strip , each focused on controlling the trans-Saharan trade routes that passed through the region . France conquered the territory by 1920 and incorporated it as part of French Equatorial Africa . In 1960 , Chad obtained independence under the leadership of Fran\u00e7ois Tombalbaye . Resentment towards his policies in the Muslim north culminated in the eruption of a long-lasting civil war in 1965 . In 1979 the rebels conquered the capital and put an end to the south 's hegemony . However , the rebel commanders fought amongst themselves until Hiss\u00e8ne Habr\u00e9 defeated his rivals . He was overthrown in 1990 by his general Idriss D\u00e9by . Since 2003 the Darfur crisis in Sudan has spilt over the border and destabilised the nation , with hundreds of thousands of Sudanese refugees living in and around camps in eastern Chad . Unsustainable high birth rates and a lack of agriculture let the country persist in poverty .   While many political parties are active , power lies firmly in the hands of President D\u00e9by and his political party , the Patriotic Salvation Movement . Chad remains plagued by political violence and recurrent attempted coups d'\u00e9tat . Chad is one of the poorest and most corrupt countries in the world ; most inhabitants live in poverty as subsistence herders and farmers . Since 2003 crude oil has become the country 's primary source of export earnings , superseding the traditional cotton industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stranger Things is set in Bloomington, Indiana.", "evidence": "Stranger Things is an American science fiction-horror web television series created , written , directed and co-executive produced by the Duffer Brothers , as well as co-executive-produced by Shawn Levy and Dan Cohen . The first season stars Winona Ryder , David Harbour , Finn Wolfhard , Millie Bobby Brown , Gaten Matarazzo , Caleb McLaughlin , Natalia Dyer , Charlie Heaton , Cara Buono , and Matthew Modine , with Noah Schnapp and Joe Keery in recurring roles . The second season will see Schnapp and Keery promoted to series regulars , along with the addition of Sadie Sink and Dacre Montgomery .   Set in the fictional town of Hawkins , Indiana in the 1980s , the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy by his friends , older brother and traumatized mother and the local police chief , amid supernatural events occurring around the town including the appearance of a psychokinetic girl who helps the missing boy 's friends in their own search . The second season is set a year after the first , and deals with attempts of the characters to return to normal and consequences from that season .   The Duffer Brothers developed the series as a mix of investigative drama alongside supernatural elements with childlike sensibilities , establishing its time frame in the 1980s and creating a homage #Noun to pop culture of that decade . Several themes and directorial aspects were inspired and aesthetically informed by the works of Steven Spielberg , John Carpenter , and Stephen King , among others .   The series was released on Netflix on July 15 , 2016 . It received critical acclaim for its characterization , pacing , atmosphere , acting , soundtrack , directing , writing and homages to 1980s genre films . The series has received several industry nominations and awards , including winning the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2016 . On August 31 , 2016 , Netflix renewed the series for a second season of nine episodes , which is set to be released on October 31 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ryan Seacrest is a person.", "evidence": "Ryan John Seacrest -LRB- born December 24 , 1974 -RRB- is an American radio personality , television host and producer . He is best known for hosting the talent competition show American Idol , as well as the syndicated countdown program American Top 40 and the KIIS-FM morning radio show On Air with Ryan Seacrest . Seacrest began co-hosting Live with Kelly and Ryan on a permanent basis May 1 , 2017 .   He received Emmy Award nominations for American Idol , and won an Emmy for producing Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Puerto Rico is not an unincorporated territory of the United States.", "evidence": "Puerto Rico -LRB- Spanish for `` Rich Port '' -RRB- , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico -LRB- Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' -RRB- and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .   It is an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller ones such as Mona , Culebra , and Vieques . The capital and most populous city is San Juan . Its official languages are Spanish and English , though Spanish predominates . The island 's population is approximately 3.4 million . Puerto Rico 's rich history , tropical climate , diverse natural scenery , traditional cuisine , and attractive tax incentives make it a popular destination for travelers from around the world .   Originally populated by the indigenous Ta\u00edno people , the island was claimed in 1493 by Christopher Columbus for the Crown of Castile , and it later endured invasion attempts from the French , Dutch , and British . Four centuries of Spanish colonial government transformed the island 's ethnic , cultural and physical landscapes primarily with waves of African slaves , and Canarian , and Andalusian settlers . In the Spanish imperial imagination , Puerto Rico played a secondary , but strategic role when compared to wealthier colonies like Peru and Mexico . Such a distant administrative control continued right up until the end of the 19th century helping to produce a distinctive creole Hispanic culture and language that combined elements from the Natives , Africans , and Iberian people . In 1898 , following the Spanish -- American War , the United States appropriated Puerto Rico together with most former Spanish colonies under the terms of the Treaty of Paris .   Puerto Ricans are considered natural-born citizens of the United States . However , Puerto Rico does not have a vote in the United States Congress , which governs the territory with full jurisdiction under the Puerto Rico Federal Relations Act of 1950 . As a U.S. territory , American citizens residing on the island are disenfranchised at the national level and may not vote for president and vice president of the United States . However , Congress approved a local constitution , allowing U.S. citizens on the territory to elect a governor . A 2012 referendum showed a majority -LRB- 54 % of those who voted -RRB- disagreed with `` the present form of territorial status '' , with full statehood as the preferred option among those who voted for a change of status , although a significant number of people did not answer the second question from the referendum . A fifth referendum will be held in June 2017 , and `` Statehood '' and `` Independence/Free Association '' were initially the only available options . However , at the recommendation of the Department of Justice , a `` current territorial status '' option will be added .   In early 2017 , the Puerto Rican government-debt crisis posed serious problems for the government . The outstanding bond debt had climbed to $ 70 billion at a time with 12.4 % unemployment . The debt had been increasing during a decade long recession . This was the second major financial crisis to affect the island after the Great Depression when the U.S. government , in 1935 , provided relief efforts through the Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration . On May 3 , 2017 , Puerto Rico 's financial oversight board in the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico filed the debt restructuring petition which was made under Title III of PROMESA .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Michael Giacchino composed the score for Doctor Strange.", "evidence": "Michael Giacchino -LRB- -LSB- d\u0292ak\u02c8ki\u02d0no -RSB- ; born October 10 , 1967 -RRB- is an American composer of music for films , television and video games . He composed the scores to the television series Lost , Alias and Fringe , the video ' game series Medal of Honor and Call of Duty and many films such as The Incredibles , Ratatouille , Up , Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , Jurassic World , Inside Out , Star Trek Beyond , Doctor Strange , Rogue One and Spider-Man : Homecoming .   Giacchino has received an Emmy Award and multiple Grammy Awards , as well as a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for his work on Up .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stranger than Fiction is a film.", "evidence": "Stranger than Fiction is a 2006 American fantasy comedy-drama film directed by Marc Forster , produced by Lindsay Doran , and written by Zach Helm . The film stars Will Ferrell , Maggie Gyllenhaal , Dustin Hoffman , Queen Latifah , and Emma Thompson . The main plot follows Harold Crick -LRB- portrayed by Ferrell -RRB- , a nondescript white-collar worker who begins hearing a disembodied voice narrating his life as it happens -- seemingly the text of a novel in which it is stated that he will soon die -- and he frantically seeks to somehow prevent that ending . The film was shot on location in Chicago , and has been praised for its innovative , intelligent story and fine performances . Ferrell , who came to prominence playing brash comedic parts , garnered particular attention for offering a restrained performance in his first starring dramatic role .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chris Hemsworth appeared in A Perfect Getaway.", "evidence": "Chris Hemsworth -LRB- born 11 August 1983 -RRB- is an Australian actor . He is known for playing Kim Hyde in the Australian TV series Home and Away -LRB- 2004-07 -RRB- and Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2011 . Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film Star Trek -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , the thriller adventure A Perfect Getaway -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , the horror comedy The Cabin in the Woods -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the dark-fantasy action film Snow White and the Huntsman -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the war film Red Dawn -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the biographical sports drama film Rush -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .   In 2015 , he starred in the action thriller film Blackhat , had a comedic role in the fifth installment of National Lampoon 's Vacation series , Vacation , and headlined the biographical thriller film In the Heart of the Sea . The following year , Hemsworth had a supporting role in Sony 's reboot of Ghostbusters . Hemsworth will reprise his role as George Kirk in the upcoming Star Trek sequel .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Selena recorded music.", "evidence": "Selena Quintanilla-P\u00e9rez -LRB- -LSB- se\u02c8lena kinta\u02c8ni\u029da \u02c8pe\u027ees -RSB- or -LSB- se\u02c8lena kinta\u02c8ni\u028ea \u02c8pe\u027ee\u03b8 -RSB- April 16 , 1971 -- March 31 , 1995 -RRB- was an American singer , songwriter , spokesperson , model , actress , and fashion designer . Called the Queen of Tejano music , her contributions to music and fashion made her one of the most celebrated Mexican-American entertainers of the late 20th century . Billboard magazine named her the `` top Latin artist of the '90s '' and the `` best selling Latin artist of the decade '' . Media outlets called her the `` Tejano Madonna '' for her clothing choices . She also ranks among the most influential Latin artists of all-time and is credited for catapulting a music genre into the mainstream market .   The youngest child of the Quintanilla family , she debuted on the music scene in 1980 as a member of the band Selena y Los Dinos , which also included her elder siblings A.B. Quintanilla and Suzette Quintanilla . Selena began recording professionally in 1982 . In the 1980s , she was often criticized and was refused bookings at venues across Texas for performing Tejano music -- a male-dominated music genre . However , her popularity grew after she won the Tejano Music Award for Female Vocalist of the Year in 1987 , which she won nine consecutive times . Selena signed with EMI Latin in 1989 and released her self-titled debut album the same year , while her brother became her principal music producer and songwriter .   Selena released Entre a Mi Mundo -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , which peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard Regional Mexican Albums chart for 19 nonconsecutive weeks . The album 's commercial success led music critics to call the album the `` breakthrough '' recording of her musical career . One of its singles , `` Como La Flor '' , became one of her most popular signature songs . Live ! -LRB- 1993 -RRB- won Best Mexican/American Album at the 1994 Grammy Awards , becoming the first recording by a Tejano artist to do so . In 1994 , Selena released Amor Prohibido , which became one of the best-selling Latin albums in the United States . It was critically acclaimed as being responsible for Tejano music 's first marketable era as it became one of the most popular Latin music subgenres at the time . Selena began recording English-language songs for her crossover album .   Aside from music , Selena was active in her community and donated her time to civic causes . Coca-Cola appointed her its spokesperson in Texas . Selena became a sex icon ; she was often criticized for wearing suggestive outfits in light of her comments about being a role model for young women . Selena and her guitarist , Chris P\u00e9rez , eloped in April 1992 after her father raised concerns over their relationship . On March 31 , 1995 , Selena was shot dead by Yolanda Sald\u00edvar , her friend and former employee of her Selena Etc. boutiques . Sald\u00edvar was cornered by police when she attempted to flee , and threatened to kill herself , but was convinced to give herself up and was sentenced to life in prison with a possible parole after 30 years . Sald\u00edvar is currently incarcerated at the Mountain View Unit in Gatesville , Texas . Two weeks later , George W. Bush -- governor of Texas at the time -- declared Selena 's birthday Selena Day in Texas . Her posthumous crossover album , Dreaming of You -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , debuted atop the Billboard 200 , making Selena the first Latin artist to accomplish this feat . In 1997 , Warner Bros. released Selena , a film about her life and career , which starred Jennifer Lopez as Selena and Lupe Ontiveros as Sald\u00edvar . , Selena has sold over 60 million albums worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Robert J. O'Neill was born April 10, 1976.", "evidence": "Robert J. `` Rob '' O'Neill -LRB- born April 10 , 1976 -RRB- is a former United States Navy sailor . A former U.S. Navy SEAL and special warfare operator , O'Neill is best known for claiming to have fired the head shots that killed Osama bin Laden during the raid on his Abbottabad compound on May 1 , 2011 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Silence of the Lambs was a film starring Scott Glenn.", "evidence": "The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn . Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 . In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .   The Silence of the Lambs was released on February 14 , 1991 , and grossed $ 272.7 million worldwide against its $ 19 million budget . It was only the third film , the other two being It Happened One Night and One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , to win Academy Awards in all the top five categories : Best Picture , Best Actor , Best Actress , Best Director , and Adapted Screenplay . It is also the first -LRB- and so far only -RRB- Best Picture winner widely considered to be a horror film , and only the third such film to be nominated in the category , after The Exorcist in 1973 and Jaws in 1975 . The film is considered `` culturally , historically or aesthetically '' significant by the U.S. Library of Congress and was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 2011 . A sequel titled Hannibal was released in 2001 with Hopkins reprising his role , followed by two prequels : Red Dragon -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and Hannibal Rising -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Peggy Sue Got Married is a Egyptian film released in 1986.", "evidence": "Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 . The film was written by husband and wife team Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .   The film was nominated for three Academy Awards : Best Actress -LRB- Turner -RRB- , Best Cinematography , and Best Costume Design . In addition , Turner was nominated for Best Foreign Actress at the Sant Jordi Awards .  Francis Ford Coppola -LRB- -LSB- pron\u02c8ko\u028ap\u0259l\u0259 -RSB- born April 7 , 1939 -RRB- , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , and screenwriter . He is considered to have been a central figure of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .   After directing The Rain People -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , he co-wrote the 1970 film Patton , earning the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay along with co-writer Edmund H. North . His directorial prominence was cemented with the release in 1972 of The Godfather , a film which revolutionized movie-making in the gangster genre , earning praise from both critics and the public before winning three Academy Awards -- including his second Oscar -LRB- Best Adapted Screenplay , with Mario Puzo -RRB- , Best Picture , and his first nomination for Best Director .   He followed with The Godfather Part II in 1974 , which became the first sequel to win the Academy Award for Best Picture . Highly regarded by critics , it brought him three more Academy Awards : Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Director and Best Picture , and made him the second director , after Billy Wilder , to be honored three times for the same film . The Conversation , which he directed , produced and wrote , was released that same year , winning the Palme d'Or at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival . He next directed 1979 's Apocalypse Now . While notorious for its lengthy and strenuous production , the film was widely acclaimed for its vivid and stark depiction of the Vietnam War , winning the Palme d'Or at the 1979 Cannes Film Festival . Coppola is one of only eight filmmakers to win two Palme d'Or awards .   While a number of Coppola 's ventures in the 1980s and 1990s were critically lauded , he has never quite achieved the same commercial success with films as in the 1970s . His most well-known films released since the start of the 1980s are the dramas The Outsiders and Rumble Fish -LRB- both 1983 -RRB- , the crime-drama The Cotton Club -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , and the horror film Bram Stoker 's Dracula -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Andy Roddick lost 5 Master Series between 2002 and 2010.", "evidence": "Andrew Stephen `` Andy '' Roddick -LRB- born August 30 , 1982 -RRB- is an American former professional tennis player .   He became a Grand Slam singles champion , and world number one , when he won the title at the 2003 US Open , defeating Juan Carlos Ferrero in the final . Despite several more years as one of the world 's best players that would remain his only Grand Slam triumph . He is the most recent North American male player to win a Grand Slam singles event , the most recent to reach the top ranking , and the most recent to claim the year-end world No. 1 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . Roddick reached four other Grand Slam finals -LRB- Wimbledon in 2004 , 2005 , and 2009 , and the US Open in 2006 -RRB- , losing to Roger Federer every time . Roddick was ranked in the top 10 for nine consecutive years between 2002 and 2010 , at year 's end , and won five Masters Series in that period . He is married to Brooklyn Decker , a former Sports Illustrated swimwear model and actress .   On August 30 , 2012 , during the 2012 US Open and on his 30th birthday , Roddick announced that he would retire after the tournament . Following a fourth-round defeat by Juan Mart\u00edn del Potro , Roddick retired from the sport with the aim of focusing on his foundation , the Andy Roddick Foundation , in future years .   In 2015 , Roddick played for the Austin Aces in World Team Tennis . This was his eighth season in World Team Tennis and the fifth team he has played for .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "As the Vietnam War raged in 1969, Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon did not have two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace.", "evidence": "As the Vietnam War raged in 1969 , Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon held two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace , one at the Hilton Hotel in Amsterdam and one at Fairmont The Queen Elizabeth in Montreal , each of which were intended to be non-violent protests against wars , and experimental tests of new ways to promote peace . The idea is derived from a `` sit-in '' , in which a group of protesters remains seated in front of an establishment until they are evicted , arrested , or their demands are met .   The public proceedings were filmed , and later turned into a documentary movie . The film Bed Peace was made available for free on YouTube in August 2011 by Yoko Ono , as part of her website `` Imagine Peace '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Tupac Shakur was born Lesane Parish Crooks.", "evidence": "Tupac Amaru Shakur -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8tu\u02d0p\u0251\u02d0k_\u0283\u0259\u02c8k\u028a\u0259r -RSB- ; born Lesane Parish Crooks ; June 16 , 1971September 13 , 1996 -RRB- , also known by his stage names 2Pac , Makaveli , and Pac , was an American rapper , record producer , actor , and poet . As of 2007 , Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide . His double disc albums All Eyez on Me and his Greatest Hits are among the best-selling albums in the United States . He has been listed and ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time by many publications , including Rolling Stone , which ranked him 86th on its list of The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time . He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time . On April 7 , 2017 , Shakur was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .   Shakur began his career as a roadie , backup dancer , and MC for the alternative hip hop group Digital Underground , eventually branching off as a solo artist . Most of the themes in Shakur 's songs revolved around the violence and hardship in inner cities , racism , and other social problems . Both of his parents and several other people in his family were members of the Black Panther Party , whose ideals were reflected in his songs . During the latter part of his career , Shakur was a vocal participant during the East Coast -- West Coast hip hop rivalry , becoming involved in conflicts with other rappers , producers , and record-label staff members , most notably The Notorious B.I.G. and the label Bad Boy Records .   On September 7 , 1996 , Shakur was fatally shot in a drive-by shooting at the intersection of Flamingo Road and Koval Lane in Las Vegas , Nevada . He was taken to the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada , where he died six days later .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Jim Henson Company produced The Muppet Movie, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth.", "evidence": "The Jim Henson Company -LRB- also known at various times as Muppets , LLC. , Henson Associates , Ltd. , and Jim Henson Productions , Inc. -RRB- is an American entertainment company , a leading producer of children 's and family entertainment -LRB- despite some of the company 's works containing mature content -RRB- , and best known as the creators of the renowned Muppets characters . Founded in 1958 by puppeteer Jim Henson and performing partner and wife Jane Henson , the company is independently owned and operated by the children of its founders .   Henson has produced many successful television series , including The Muppet Show -LRB- later owned by Disney -RRB- , Fraggle Rock , Dinosaurs , Bear in the Big Blue House , and Farscape , and creates the Muppet characters for the long-running PBS television series , Sesame Street . The company has also produced many films , including The Muppet Movie , The Dark Crystal , and Labyrinth . Henson also operates Jim Henson 's Creature Shop , a puppet , animatronics , and visual effects workshop , which has created characters and effects for Henson productions , as well as outside producers .   In 1989 , the company entered merger negotiations with The Walt Disney Company , but the deal fell through following Jim Henson 's unexpected death in 1990 . Following Henson 's death and the calling off of the Disney merger , the company was taken over by Henson 's children , Lisa , Cheryl , Brian , John , and Heather , with Brian at the helm . In 2000 Henson was sold to EM.TV & Merchandising AG , a German media company , but by the end of that year , EM.TV 's stock collapsed , and the company was sold back to the Henson family in 2003 . -LRB- EM.TV had in the interim sold the rights to the Sesame Street Muppets to Sesame Workshop in 2001 . -RRB-   In 2004 , Henson sold the rights to the Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House to The Walt Disney Company , but retains the rights to the rest of its characters , program library , and assets . , Brian , Lisa , Cheryl , and Heather Henson run the company -LRB- sibling and fellow co-owner John Henson died in February 2014 -RRB- . Brian Henson serves as chairman , while Lisa Henson serves as CEO .   Since 2000 , The Jim Henson Company has been headquartered at the Jim Henson Company Lot , the historic former Charlie Chaplin Studios , in Hollywood , California .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Slovenia uses the euro.", "evidence": "Slovenia -LRB- -LSB- slo\u028a\u02c8vi\u02d0ni\u0259 , _ sl\u0259 - , _ - nj\u0259 -RSB- ; Slovenija -LSB- sl\u0254\u02c8\u028b\u00e9\u02d0nija -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Slovenia -LRB- Slovene : , abbr. : RS -RRB- , is a nation state in southern Central Europe , located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes . It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest . It covers 20,273 km2 and has a population of 2.06 million . It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations , European Union , and NATO . The capital and largest city is Ljubljana .   The territory is mostly mountainous with a mainly continental climate , with the exception of the Slovene Littoral that has a sub-Mediterranean climate and the north-western area that has an Alpine climate . Additionally , the Dinaric Alps and the Pannonian Plain meet on the territory of Slovenia . The country , marked by a significant biological diversity , is one of the most water-rich in Europe , with a dense river network , a rich aquifer system , and significant karst underground watercourses . Over half of the territory is covered by forest . The human settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven .   Slovenia has historically been the crossroads of South Slavic , Germanic , Romance , and Hungarian languages and culture . Although the population is not homogeneous , the majority is Slovene . South Slavic language Slovene is the official language throughout the country . Slovenia is a largely secularized country , but its culture and identity have been significantly influenced by Catholicism as well as Lutheranism . The economy of Slovenia is small , open , and export-oriented and has been strongly influenced by international conditions . It has been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis , started in the late 2000s . The main economic field is services , followed by industry and construction .   Historically , the current territory of Slovenia was part of many different state formations , including the Roman Empire and the Holy Roman Empire , followed by the Habsburg Monarchy . In October 1918 , the Slovenes exercised self-determination for the first time by co-founding the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs . In December 1918 , they merged with the Kingdom of Serbia into the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes -LRB- renamed Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 -RRB- . During World War II , Slovenia was occupied and annexed by Germany , Italy , and Hungary , with a tiny area transferred to the Independent State of Croatia , a Nazi puppet state . Afterward , it was a founding member of the Federal People 's Republic of Yugoslavia , later renamed the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , a communist state which was the only country in the Eastern Bloc which was never part of the Warsaw Pact . In June 1991 , after the introduction of multi-party representative democracy , Slovenia split from Yugoslavia and became an independent country . In 2004 , it entered NATO and the European Union ; in 2007 became the first formerly communist country to join the Eurozone ; and in 2010 joined the OECD , a global association of high-income developed countries .  The eurozone , officially called the euro area , is a monetary union of 19 of the 28 European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- member states which have adopted the euro as their common currency and sole legal tender . The monetary authority of the eurozone is the Eurosystem . The other nine members of the European Union continue to use their own national currencies , although most of them are obliged to adopt the euro in future .   The eurozone consists of Austria , Belgium , Cyprus , Estonia , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Latvia , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Malta , the Netherlands , Portugal , Slovakia , Slovenia , and Spain . Other EU states -LRB- except for Denmark and the United Kingdom -RRB- are obliged to join once they meet the criteria to do so . No state has left , and there are no provisions to do so or to be expelled . Andorra , Monaco , San Marino , and Vatican City have formal agreements with the EU to use the euro as their official currency and issue their own coins . Kosovo and Montenegro have adopted the euro unilaterally , but these countries do not officially form part of the eurozone and do not have representation in the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- or in the Eurogroup .   The ECB , which is governed by a president and a board of the heads of national central banks , sets the monetary policy of the zone . The principal task of the ECB is to keep inflation under control . Though there is no common representation , governance or fiscal policy for the currency union , some co-operation does take place through the Eurogroup , which makes political decisions regarding the eurozone and the euro . The Eurogroup is composed of the finance ministers of eurozone states , but in emergencies , national leaders also form the Eurogroup .   Since the financial crisis of 2007 -- 08 , the eurozone has established and used provisions for granting emergency loans to member states in return for the enactment of economic reforms . The eurozone has also enacted some limited fiscal integration , for example in peer review of each other 's national budgets . The issue is political and in a state of flux in terms of what further provisions will be agreed for eurozone change .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Iowa is a part of the Midwestern United States.", "evidence": "The Midwestern United States , also referred to as the American Midwest or simply the Midwest , is one of the four geographic regions defined by the United States Census Bureau , occupying the northern central part of the United States of America . It was officially named the North Central region by the Census Bureau until 1984 .   Although the region is often defined in a number of ways , the Census Bureau 's definition consists of 12 states in the north central United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , Ohio , South Dakota , and Wisconsin . Illinois is the most populous of the states and North Dakota the least . A 2012 report from the United States Census put the population of the Midwest at 65,377,684 . The Midwest is divided by the Census Bureau into two divisions . The East North Central Division includes Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio and Wisconsin , all of which are also part of the Great Lakes region . The West North Central Division includes Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , North Dakota , Nebraska , and South Dakota , several of which are located at least partly , within the Great Plains region . Major rivers in the region include , from east to west , the Ohio River , the Upper Mississippi River , and the Missouri River . The region generally lies on the broad Interior Plain between the states occupying the Appalachian Mountain range and the states occupying the Rocky Mountain range .   Chicago is the most populated city in the American Midwest and the third most populous in the entire country . Other large Midwest cities include -LRB- in order by population -RRB- : Indianapolis , Columbus , Detroit , Milwaukee , Kansas City , Omaha , Minneapolis , Cleveland , Wichita and St. Louis . Chicago and its suburbs form the largest metropolitan statistical area with 9.8 million people , followed by Metro Detroit , Minneapolis -- St. Paul , Greater St. Louis , Greater Cleveland , Greater Cincinnati -LRB- without the Kentucky portion -RRB- , Kansas City metro area , and the Columbus metro area .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Saratoga is an American film from 1937.", "evidence": "Saratoga is a 1937 American romantic comedy film written by Anita Loos and directed by Jack Conway . The film stars Clark Gable and Jean Harlow in their sixth and final film collaboration , and features Lionel Barrymore , Frank Morgan , Walter Pidgeon , Hattie McDaniel , and Margaret Hamilton .   Jean Harlow died before filming was finished , and it was completed using stand-ins . Saratoga was MGM 's biggest moneymaker of 1937 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "J. Howard Marshall was a baby.", "evidence": "James Howard Marshall II -LRB- January 24 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1995 -RRB- was an American businessman , academic , attorney , and government official . His life spanned nine decades and almost the entire history of the oil industry , from the early years when uncontrolled production depleted valuable fields and natural gas was burned at the well head , to the decades of energy shortages and the Arab Oil Embargo . Marshall was married to Anna Nicole Smith during the last 14 months of his life . His estate became the subject of protracted litigation which was reviewed by the Supreme Court in Marshall v. Marshall and Stern v. Marshall .  An infant -LRB- from the Latin word infans , meaning `` unable to speak '' or `` speechless '' -RRB- is the more formal or specialised synonym for `` baby '' , the very young offspring of a human or other animal .   A newborn is , in colloquial use , an infant who is only hours , days , or up to one month old . In medical contexts , newborn or neonate -LRB- from Latin , neonatus , newborn -RRB- refers to an infant in the first 28 days after birth ; the term applies to premature , full term , and postmature infants ; before birth , the term `` fetus '' is used . The term `` infant '' is typically applied to young children between one month and one year of age ; however , definitions may vary and may include children up to two years of age . When a human child learns to walk , the term `` toddler '' may be used instead .   In British English , `` infant '' is a term that can be applied to school children aged between four and seven . As a legal term , `` infancy '' continues from birth until age 18 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Grace Jones is a dancer.", "evidence": "Grace Jones -LRB- born 19 May 1948 -RRB- is a Jamaican born singer , songwriter , lyricist , supermodel , record producer , and actress . Born in Jamaica , at age 13 she moved with her siblings to their parents ' home in Syracuse , New York . Jones began her modelling career in New York state , then in Paris , working for fashion houses such as Yves St. Laurent and Kenzo , and appearing on the covers of Elle and Vogue . She worked with photographers such as Helmut Newton , Guy Bourdin , and Hans Feurer , and became known for her distinctive androgynous appearance and bold features .   In 1977 Jones secured a record deal with Island Records , initially becoming a star of New York City 's Studio 54-centered disco scene . In the early 1980s she moved toward a new wave style that drew on reggae , funk , post-punk , and pop music , frequently collaborating with both the graphic designer Jean-Paul Goude and the musical duo Sly & Robbie . Her most popular albums include Warm Leatherette -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , Nightclubbing -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , and Slave to the Rhythm -LRB- 1985 -RRB- . She scored Top 40 entries on the UK Singles Chart with `` Pull Up to the Bumper '' , `` I 've Seen That Face Before '' , `` Private Life '' , and `` Slave to the Rhythm '' . In 1982 , she released the music video collection A One Man Show , directed by Goude .   Jones appeared in some low-budget films in the US during the 1970s and early 1980s . In 1984 she made her first mainstream appearance as Zula in the fantasy-action film Conan the Destroyer alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sarah Douglas , and subsequently appeared in the 1985 James Bond movie A View to a Kill as May Day . In 1986 she played a vampire in Vamp , and acted in and contributed a song to the 1992 Eddie Murphy film Boomerang . She appeared alongside Tim Curry in the 2001 film Wolf Girl . For her work in Conan the Destroyer , A View to a Kill , and Vamp , she was nominated for Saturn Awards for Best Supporting Actress .   In 1999 , Jones ranked 82nd on VH1 's 100 Greatest Women of Rock and Roll , and in 2008 , she was honored with a Q Idol Award . Jones influenced the cross-dressing movement of the 1980s and has been an inspiration for artists including Annie Lennox , Lady Gaga , Rihanna , Lorde , R\u00f3is\u00edn Murphy , Brazilian Girls , Nile Rodgers , Santigold , Basement Jaxx and Stanka Brljevic . In December 2016 , Billboard magazine ranked her as the 40th most successful dance artist of all time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Lisbon has a population larger than 1.", "evidence": "Lisbon -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u026azb\u0259n -RSB- Lisboa , -LSB- li\u0292\u02c8\u03b2o\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and the largest city of Portugal , with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km \u00b2 . Its urban area extends beyond the city 's administrative limits with a population of around 2.7 million people , being the 11th-most populous urban area in the European Union . About 2.8 million people live in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area -LRB- which represents approximately 27 % of the country 's population -RRB- . It is continental Europe 's westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast . Lisbon lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus . The westernmost areas of its metro area is the westernmost point of Continental Europe .   Lisbon is recognised as a global city because of its importance in finance , commerce , media , entertainment , arts , international trade , education and tourism . It is one of the major economic centres on the continent , with a growing financial sector and one of the largest container ports on Europe 's Atlantic coast . Humberto Delgado Airport serves over 20 million passengers annually , as of 2015 , and the motorway network and the high-speed rail system of Alfa Pendular link the main cities of Portugal . The city is the 7th-most-visited city in Southern Europe , after Istanbul , Rome , Barcelona , Madrid , Athens and Milan , with 1,740,000 tourists in 2009 . The Lisbon region contributes with a higher GDP PPP per capita than any other region in Portugal . It 's GDP amounts to 96.3 billion USD and thus $ 32,434 per capita , 40 % higher than the average European Union 's GDP per capita . The city occupies 32nd place of highest gross earnings in the world . Most of the headquarters of multinationals in the country are located in the Lisbon area . It is also the political centre of the country , as its seat of Government and residence of the Head of State .   Lisbon is one of the oldest cities in the world , and the oldest in Western Europe , predating other modern European capitals such as London , Paris and Rome by centuries . Julius Caesar made it a municipium called Felicitas Julia , adding to the name Olissipo . Ruled by a series of Germanic tribes from the 5th century , it was captured by the Moors in the 8th century . In 1147 , the Crusaders under Afonso Henriques reconquered the city and since then it has been a major political , economic and cultural centre of Portugal . Unlike most capital cities , Lisbon 's status as the capital of Portugal has never been granted or confirmed officially -- by statute or in written form . Its position as the capital has formed through constitutional convention , making its position as de facto capital a part of the Constitution of Portugal .   Lisbon enjoys a Mediterranean climate . It has one of the warmest winters of any metropolis in Europe , with average temperatures 15 \u00b0 C during the day and 8 \u00b0 C at night from December to February . The typical summer season lasts about four months , from June to September , although also in April temperatures sometimes reach around 25 \u00b0 C.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Willie Nelson dropped out of college after three years.", "evidence": "Willie Hugh Nelson -LRB- born April 29 , 1933 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , songwriter , author , poet , actor , and activist . The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and Stardust -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music . He was one of the main figures of outlaw country , a subgenre of country music that developed in the late 1960s as a reaction to the conservative restrictions of the Nashville sound . Nelson has acted in over 30 films , co-authored several books , and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana .   Born during the Great Depression , and raised by his grandparents , Nelson wrote his first song at age seven and joined his first band at ten . During high school , he toured locally with the Bohemian Polka as their lead singer and guitar player . After graduating from high school in 1950 , he joined the Air Force but was later discharged due to back problems . After his return , Nelson attended Baylor University for two years but dropped out because he was succeeding in music . During this time , he worked as a disc jockey in Texas radio stations and a singer in honky-tonks . Nelson moved to Vancouver , Washington , where he wrote `` Family Bible '' and recorded the song `` Lumberjack '' in 1956 . In 1958 , he moved to Houston , Texas , after signing a contract with D Records . He sang at the Esquire Ballroom weekly and he worked as a disk jockey . During that time , he wrote songs that would become country standards , including `` Funny How Time Slips Away '' , `` Hello Walls '' , `` Pretty Paper '' , and `` Crazy '' . In 1960 he moved to Nashville , Tennessee , and later signed a publishing contract with Pamper Music which allowed him to join Ray Price 's band as a bassist . In 1962 , he recorded his first album , ... And Then I Wrote . Due to this success , Nelson signed in 1964 with RCA Victor and joined the Grand Ole Opry the following year . After mid-chart hits in the late 1960s and the early 1970s , Nelson retired in 1972 and moved to Austin , Texas . The ongoing music scene of Austin motivated Nelson to return from retirement , performing frequently at the Armadillo World Headquarters .   In 1973 , after signing with Atlantic Records , Nelson turned to outlaw country , including albums such as Shotgun Willie and Phases and Stages . In 1975 , he switched to Columbia Records , where he recorded the critically acclaimed album Red Headed Stranger . The same year , he recorded another outlaw country album , Wanted ! The Outlaws , along with Waylon Jennings , Jessi Colter , and Tompall Glaser . During the mid-1980s , while creating hit albums like Honeysuckle Rose and recording hit songs like `` On the Road Again '' , `` To All the Girls I 've Loved Before '' , and `` Pancho and Lefty '' , he joined the country supergroup The Highwaymen , along with fellow singers Johnny Cash , Waylon Jennings , and Kris Kristofferson .   In 1990 , Nelson 's assets were seized by the Internal Revenue Service , which claimed that he owed . The difficulty of paying his outstanding debt was aggravated by weak investments he had made during the 1980s . In 1992 , Nelson released The IRS Tapes : Who 'll Buy My Memories ? ; the profits of the double album -- destined to the IRS -- and the auction of Nelson 's assets cleared his debt . During the 1990s and 2000s , Nelson continued touring extensively , and released albums every year . Reviews ranged from positive to mixed . He explored genres such as reggae , blues , jazz , and folk . Nelson made his first movie appearance in the 1979 film The Electric Horseman , followed by other appearances in movies and on television . Nelson is a major liberal activist and the co-chair of the advisory board of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws -LRB- NORML -RRB- , which is in favor of marijuana legalization . On the environmental front , Nelson owns the bio-diesel brand Willie Nelson Biodiesel , which is made from vegetable oil . Nelson is also the honorary chairman of the Advisory Board of the Texas Music Project , the official music charity of the state of Texas .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Malcolm Young was the co-founder of Australian hard rock band AC/DC.", "evidence": "Malcolm Mitchell Young -LRB- born 6 January 1953 -RRB- is an Australian retired musician and songwriter , best known as a co-founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC/DC . Except for a brief absence in 1988 , he was with the band from its November 1973 beginning until retiring permanently in 2014 , due to health reasons . Young and the other members of AC/DC were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003 .   Though his younger brother Angus is the more visible of the brothers , Malcolm has been described as the driving force and the leader of the band . He also added that despite his retirement from the band , AC/DC was determined to continue making music with his blessing . As the rhythm guitarist , he was responsible for the broad sweep of the band 's sound , developing many of their guitar riffs and co-writing the band 's material with Angus . He is married to Linda Young and has two children , Cara and Ross .   Young took a leave of absence from AC/DC in April 2014 , to receive treatment for dementia . In September 2014 , the band 's management announced that he would be retiring permanently .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Newfoundland and Labrador is the most linguistically homogeneous of Canada.", "evidence": "Newfoundland and Labrador -LRB- -LSB- u\u02d0f\u0259n\u02c8l\u00e6nd_\u0259n_\u02c8l\u00e6br\u0259d\u0254\u02d0r -RSB- , Terre-Neuve-et-Labrador Akamassiss Newfoundland Irish : Talamh an \u00c9isc agus Labradar -RRB- is the most easterly province of Canada . Situated in the country 's Atlantic region , it comprises the island of Newfoundland and mainland Labrador to the northwest , with a combined area of 405212 km2 . In 2013 , the province 's population was estimated at 526,702 . About 92 % of the province 's population lives on the island of Newfoundland -LRB- and its neighbouring smaller islands -RRB- , of whom more than half live on the Avalon Peninsula . The province is Canada 's most linguistically homogeneous , with 97.6 % of residents reporting English -LRB- Newfoundland English -RRB- as their mother tongue in the 2006 census . Historically , Newfoundland was also home to unique varieties of French and Irish , as well as the extinct Beothuk language . In Labrador , local dialects of Innu-aimun and Inuktitut are also spoken .   Newfoundland and Labrador 's capital and largest city , St. John 's , is Canada 's 20th-largest census metropolitan area and is home to almost 40 percent of the province 's population . St. John 's is the seat of government , home to the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador and to the highest court in the jurisdiction , the Newfoundland and Labrador Court of Appeal .   A former colony and then dominion of the United Kingdom , Newfoundland gave up its independence in 1933 , following significant economic distress caused by the Great Depression and the aftermath of Newfoundland 's participation in World War I . It became the tenth province to enter the Canadian Confederation on March 31 , 1949 , as `` Newfoundland . '' On December 6 , 2001 , an amendment was made to the Constitution of Canada to change the province 's official name to Newfoundland and Labrador .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Furia is adapted from a short story by Anna Politkovskaya.", "evidence": "Furia is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Aja , who co-wrote screenplay with Gr\u00e9gory Levasseur , adapted from the science fiction short story `` Graffiti '' by Julio Cort\u00e1zar . It stars Stanislas Merhar and Marion Cotillard .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "One state of the United States has Russia to its west.", "evidence": "The United States of America -LRB- USA -RRB- , commonly known as the United States -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .  Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico . The state of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America , bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west . The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean . The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea . Nine time zones are covered . The geography , climate and wildlife of the country are extremely diverse .   At 3.8 million square miles -LRB- 9.8 million km2 -RRB- and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , and is home to the world 's largest immigrant population . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the largest city is New York City ; nine other major metropolitan areas -- each with at least 4.5 million inhabitants and the largest having more than 13 million people -- are Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , Philadelphia , Miami , Atlanta , Boston , and San Francisco .   Paleo-Indians migrated from Asia to the North American mainland at least 15,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from 13 British colonies along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies following the Seven Years ' War led to the American Revolution , which began in 1775 . On July 4 , 1776 , during the course of the American Revolutionary War , the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence . The war ended in 1783 with recognition of the independence of the United States by Great Britain , representing the first successful war of independence against a European power . The current constitution was adopted in 1788 , after the Articles of Confederation , adopted in 1781 , were felt to have provided inadequate federal powers . The first ten amendments , collectively named the Bill of Rights , were ratified in 1791 and designed to guarantee many fundamental civil liberties .   The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century , displacing Native American tribes , acquiring new territories , and gradually admitting new states until it spanned the continent by 1848 . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the end of legal slavery in the country . By the end of that century , the United States extended into the Pacific Ocean , and its economy , driven in large part by the Industrial Revolution , began to soar . The Spanish -- American War and confirmed the country 's status as a global military power . The United States emerged from as a global superpower , the first country to develop nuclear weapons , the only country to use them in warfare , and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council . The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower . The U.S. is a founding member of the United Nations , World Bank , International Monetary Fund , Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , and other international organizations .   The United States is a highly developed country , with the world 's largest economy by nominal GDP and second-largest economy by PPP . Though its population is only 4.3 % of the world total , Americans hold nearly 40 % of the total wealth in the world . The United States ranks among the highest in several measures of socioeconomic performance , including average wage , human development , per capita GDP , and productivity per person . While the U.S. economy is considered post-industrial , characterized by the dominance of services and knowledge economy , the manufacturing sector remains the second-largest in the world . Accounting for approximately a quarter of global GDP and a third of global military spending , the United States is the world 's foremost economic and military power . The United States is a prominent political and cultural force internationally , and a leader in scientific research and technological innovations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sophie Turner was born in the 1990s.", "evidence": "Sophie Turner -LRB- born 21 February 1996 -RRB- is an English actress . Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones -LRB- 2011 -- present -RRB- , which brought her international recognition and critical praise . For her performance , she has received four nominations for Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series , as well as a Young Artist Award nomination for Best Supporting Young Actress in a TV Series .   Turner has also starred in the television film The Thirteenth Tale -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and she made her feature film debut in Another Me -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . She has also starred in the action comedy Barely Lethal -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and played Jean Grey / Phoenix in the X-Men film series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mother Teresa was made a saint by the church.", "evidence": "Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta -LRB- born Anjez\u00eb Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ; -LSB- a\u02c8\u0272\u025bz\u0259 \u02c8\u0261\u0254nd\u0292\u025b b\u0254ja\u02c8d\u0292iu -RSB- ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 -RRB- , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary . She was born in Skopje -LRB- now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia -RRB- , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire . After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India , where she lived for most of her life .   In 1950 Teresa founded the Missionaries of Charity , a Roman Catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 sisters and was active in 133 countries in 2012 . The congregation manages homes for people dying of HIV/AIDS , leprosy and tuberculosis ; soup kitchens ; dispensaries and mobile clinics ; children 's - and family-counselling programmes ; orphanages , and schools . Members , who take vows of chastity , poverty , and obedience , also profess a fourth vow : to give `` wholehearted free service to the poorest of the poor '' .   Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize . She was canonised -LRB- recognised by the church as a saint -RRB- on 4 September 2016 , and the anniversary of her death -LRB- 5 September -RRB- is her feast day .   A controversial figure during her life and after her death , Teresa was admired by many for her charitable work . She was praised and criticised for her opposition to abortion , and criticised for poor conditions in her houses for the dying . Her authorised biography was written by Navin Chawla and published in 1992 , and she has been the subject of films and other books .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Smurfs (film) was released.", "evidence": "The Smurfs is a 2011 American 3D live-action/computer-animated comedy film loosely based on the comic book series of the same name created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo . It was directed by Raja Gosnell and stars Hank Azaria , Neil Patrick Harris , Jayma Mays and Sof\u00eda Vergara , with Jonathan Winters and Katy Perry as the voices of Papa Smurf and Smurfette . It is the first CGI/live-action hybrid film produced by Sony Pictures Animation , and the first in The Smurfs duology . The film tells the story of the Smurfs as they get lost in New York , and try to find a way to get back home before Gargamel catches them .   After five years of negotiations , Jordan Kerner bought the rights in 2002 , and the film entered development with Paramount Pictures and Nickelodeon Movies , until Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation obtained the film rights in 2008 . Filming began in March 2010 in New York City .   After having the release date changed three times , Columbia Pictures released The Smurfs on July 29 , 2011 . Box office analysts initially predicted the film would tie with Cowboys & Aliens , but The Smurfs ultimately came in second , grossing $ 35.6 million against Cowboys & Aliens $ 36.4 million gross . The Smurfs reached the $ 500 million milestone in the weekend of September 23 -- 25 , 2011 .   A sequel , titled The Smurfs 2 , was released on July 31 , 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "C. S. Forester's first name was Carl.", "evidence": "Cecil Louis Troughton Smith -LRB- 27 August 1899 -- 2 April 1966 -RRB- , known by his pen name Cecil Scott `` C. S. '' Forester , was an English novelist known for writing tales of naval warfare such as the 12-book Horatio Hornblower series , depicting a Royal Navy officer during the Napoleonic wars . Two of the Hornblower books , A Ship of the Line and Flying Colours , were jointly awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction in 1938 . His other works include The African Queen -LRB- 1935 ; filmed in 1951 by John Huston -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kong: Skull Island is a book.", "evidence": "Kong : Skull Island is a 2017 American action-adventure monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy , Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly , from a story by John Gatins . The film is a reboot of the King Kong franchise and serves as the second film in Legendary 's MonsterVerse . It stars an ensemble cast consisting of Tom Hiddleston , Samuel L. Jackson , John Goodman , Brie Larson , Jing Tian , Toby Kebbell , John Ortiz , Corey Hawkins , Jason Mitchell , Shea Whigham , Thomas Mann , Terry Notary and John C. Reilly . The film follows a team of scientists and Vietnam War soldiers who travel to an uncharted island in the Pacific and encounter terrifying creatures and the mighty Kong .   Principal photography took place from October 2015 to March 2016 in Hawaii and various locations around Vietnam . Kong : Skull Island premiered on February 28 , 2017 , in London and was released in the United States on March 10 , 2017 , in 2D , 3D , IMAX 3D and in Dolby Cinemas . The film was a critical and commercial success , grossing $ 565 million worldwide against its $ 185 million budget and making it the fifth highest-grossing film of 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Challenge was a scripted show.", "evidence": "The Challenge -LRB- originally known as Road Rules : All Stars , followed by Real World/Road Rules Challenge -RRB- is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network 's two reality shows , Real World and Road Rules . It features alumni from these two shows , in addition to first-time cast members called ` Fresh Meat ' , alumni from Are You the One ? , and relatives of these cast members called ` Bloodlines ' , competing against one another for a cash prize . The Challenge is currently hosted by T. J. Lavin .  The series premiered on June 1 , 1998 . The title of the show was originally Road Rules : All Stars before it was renamed Real World/Road Rules Challenge by the show 's 2nd season , then later abridged to simply The Challenge by the show 's 19th season . The series initially used no hosts but instead a former cast member who had been kicked off his or her season , providing assignments as `` Mr. '' or `` Ms. Big '' -LRB- David `` Puck '' Rainey , David Edwards , and Gladys Sanabria served this role -RRB- . Later on , however , the series began using hosts : Eric Nies and Mark Long co-hosted a season , and Jonny Moseley and Dave Mirra hosted various seasons before T. J. Lavin became the show 's regular host by the 11th season .   Since the 4th season , each season has supplied the show with a unique subtitle , such as Rivals . Each season consists of a format and theme whereby the subtitle is derived . Of each season 's format and theme , 8 have been repeated or revamped through sequel seasons with shared subtitles . In chronological order , these include : Battle of the Sexes -LRB- tied to Battle of the Sexes II , the show 's first sequel season -RRB- ; The Inferno -LRB- tied to The Inferno II and The Inferno III , the show 's first trilogy -RRB- ; The Gauntlet -LRB- tied to The Gauntlet II and The Gauntlet III -RRB- ; The Duel -LRB- tied to The Duel II -RRB- ; Fresh Meat -LRB- tied to Fresh Meat II -RRB- , Battle of the Seasons -LRB- tied to the second Battle of the Seasons -RRB- ; Rivals -LRB- tied to Rivals II and Rivals III -RRB- ; and Battle of the Exes -LRB- tied to Battle of the Exes II -RRB- .   The current 29th season , entitled Invasion of the Champions , premiered on February 7 , 2017 and concluded on May 16 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Berlin is the capital of Germany.", "evidence": "Berlin -LRB- -LSB- b\u0259\u0279\u02c8l\u026an -RSB- , -LSB- b\u025b\u0250\u032f\u02c8li\u02d0n -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states . With a population of approximately 3.7 million , Berlin is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union . Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of the rivers Spree and Havel , it is the centre of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region , which has roughly 6 million residents from more than 180 nations . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . Around one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes .   First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg -LRB- 14171701 -RRB- , the Kingdom of Prussia -LRB- 1701 -- 1918 -RRB- , the German Empire -LRB- 1871 -- 1918 -RRB- , the Weimar Republic -LRB- 1919 -- 1933 -RRB- and the Third Reich -LRB- 1933 -- 1945 -RRB- . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world . After World War II and its subsequent occupation by the victorious countries , the city was divided ; East Berlin was declared capital of East Germany , while West Berlin became a de facto West German exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall -LRB- 1961 -- 1989 -RRB- and East German territory . Following German reunification in 1990 , Berlin once again became the capital of all-Germany .   Berlin is a world city of culture , politics , media and science . Its economy is based on high-tech firms and the service sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , research facilities , media corporations and convention venues . Berlin serves as a continental hub for air and rail traffic and has a highly complex public transportation network . The metropolis is a popular tourist destination . Significant industries also include IT , pharmaceuticals , biomedical engineering , clean tech , biotechnology , construction and electronics .   Modern Berlin is home to world renowned universities , orchestras , museums , entertainment venues and is host to many sporting events . Its urban setting has made it a sought-after location for international film productions . The city is well known for its festivals , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts and a high quality of living . Since the 2000s Berlin has seen the emergence of a cosmopolitan entrepreneurial scene .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "South Korea has a highly educated workforce.", "evidence": "South Korea , officially the Republic of Korea -LRB- ROK ; -RRB- , is a sovereign state in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula . Officially , its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands , which are largely mountainous . South Koreans lead a distinctive urban lifestyle , as half of them live in high-rises concentrated in the Seoul Capital Area with 25 million residents and the world 's sixth leading global city with the fourth largest economy and seventh most sustainable city in the world .   The earliest neolithic Korean pottery dates to 8000 BC , with three kingdoms flourishing in the 1st century BC . The name Korea is derived from one of them , Goguryeo , also known as Kory\u014f , which was a Han Chinese tributary state kingdom in East Asia that sent yearly tribute to the Emperor of China , ruling most of the Korean Peninsula and a small portion of Siberia and Inner Mongolia under Gwanggaeto the Great . Since their unification into Later Silla and Balhae in the 7th century , Korea enjoyed over a millennium of relative tranquility under long lasting dynasties . Under Sejong the Great in the 15th century , Koreans had one of the highest living standards in the world along with the Han Chinese and Japanese and developed improved versions many advanced innovations such as the metal movable type printing press in 1377 A.D. which was developed based on the previous Han Chinese Porcelain movable type printing press , used to print and publish the Jikji , the world 's oldest extant movable metal type printed paper book using the 8,000 year old traditional ancient Chinese writing system . Additionally , in 1443 Hangul was invented by the Korean King Sejong the Great as an easier alternative to the complex and difficult to learn ancient Chinese writing system which was usually reserved for elite academic scholars preparing for the imperial examinations of China . Hangul enabled anyone in the general Korean population to easily learn to read and write and transfer written information rather than spending years learning complicated ancient Chinese . Its rich and vibrant culture left 19 UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritages of Humanity , the third largest in the world , along with 12 World Heritage Sites . Annexed into Imperial Japan in 1910 , Korea was divided after its surrender in 1945 , but a North Korean invasion led to the Korean War -LRB- 1950 -- 1953 -RRB- . Peace has since mostly continued with the two agreeing to work peacefully for reunification and the South solidifying peace as a regional power with the world 's 10th largest defence budget .   South Korea , along with Taiwan , Singapore and Hong Kong -LRB- China -RRB- is one of the four high-tech industrialized developed countries often referred to as the Four Asian Economic Dragons . The South Korean economy soared at an annual average of 10 % for over 30 years in a period of rapid transformation called the Miracle on the Han River . A long legacy of openness and focus on innovation made it successful . Today , it is the world 's seventh largest advanced economy and fifth largest exporter with the G20 's largest budget surplus and highest credit rating of any country in East Asia . It has free trade agreements with 75 % of the world economy and is the only G20 nation trading freely with China , the US and the EU simultaneously . Since 1988 , its constitution guarantees a liberal democracy with high government transparency and many fundamental rights such as universal healthcare . High personal freedoms led to the rise of a globally influential pop culture such as K-pop and K-drama , a phenomenon called the Korean Wave , known for its distinctive fashionable and trendy style . Home of the UN Green Climate Fund and GGGI , South Korea is a leader in low carbon green growth , committed to helping developing countries as a major DAC and Paris Club contributor . It is the world 's third least ignorant country in the Index of Ignorance , ranking eighth highest for peaceful tolerance and inclusion of minorities on the Fragile States Index .   South Korea is a technologically advanced developed country driven by a highly educated and skilled workforce , having the world 's eighth highest median household income , the highest in Asia . Globally , it ranks highly in personal safety , job security , ease of doing business and healthcare quality , with the world 's third highest health adjusted life expectancy and fourth most efficient healthcare system . It is the world 's largest spender on R&D per GDP , leading the OECD in graduates in science and engineering and ranking third in the Youth Wellbeing Index . Home of Samsung , LG and Hyundai-Kia , South Korea was named the world 's most innovative country for 4 consecutive years since 2014 in the Bloomberg Innovation Index , ranking first in business R&D intensity , manufacturing value-added , patents filed per GDP , second in higher education efficiency and fourth in high-tech density and researcher concentration . In 2005 , it became the world 's first country to fully transition to high-speed Internet and today it has the world 's fastest Internet speed and highest smartphone ownership , ranking first in ICT Development , e-Government and 4G LTE coverage .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hacksaw Ridge came out in America on November 4, 2016.", "evidence": "Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind . Doss became the first conscientious objector to be awarded the Medal of Honor , for service above and beyond the call of duty during the Battle of Okinawa .   The film was directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan , based on a 2004 documentary about Doss , and stars Andrew Garfield as Doss , with Sam Worthington , Luke Bracey , Teresa Palmer , Hugo Weaving , Rachel Griffiths and Vince Vaughn in supporting roles . It was released in the United States on November 4 , 2016 , received positive reviews and grossed $ 175.3 million worldwide .   Hacksaw Ridge was chosen by the American Film Institute as one of its top ten Movies of the Year , and has received numerous awards and nominations . The film received six Oscar nominations at the 89th Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor for Garfield and Best Sound Editing , winning the awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing . It also received Golden Globe nominations for Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor , and 12 AACTA Awards nominations , winning the majority , including Best Film , Best Direction , Best Original Screenplay , Best Actor for Garfield , and Best Supporting Actor for Weaving .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Michael Fassbender is an actor.", "evidence": "Michael Fassbender -LRB- born 2 April 1977 -RRB- is a German-born Irish actor . His feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic 300 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as a Spartan warrior ; his earlier roles included various stage productions , as well as starring roles on television such as in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the Sky One fantasy drama Hex -LRB- 2004 -- 05 -RRB- . He first came to prominence for his role as IRA activist Bobby Sands in Hunger -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , for which he won a British Independent Film Award . Subsequent roles include in the independent film Fish Tank -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , as a Royal Marines lieutenant in Inglourious Basterds -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , as Edward Rochester in the 2011 film adaptation of Jane Eyre , as Carl Jung in A Dangerous Method -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , as a sentient android in Prometheus -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and its sequel , Alien : Covenant -LRB- 2017 -RRB- , and in the musical comedy-drama Frank -LRB- 2014 -RRB- as an eccentric musician loosely inspired by Frank Sidebottom .   In 2011 , Fassbender debuted as the Marvel Comics antihero Magneto in X-Men : First Class , and went on to share the role with Ian McKellen in X-Men : Days of Future Past -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and reprise it again in X-Men : Apocalypse -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Also in 2011 , Fassbender 's performance as a sex addict in Shame earned him the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival and was nominated for Golden Globe and BAFTA Awards . In 2013 , his role as slave owner Edwin Epps in the slavery epic 12 Years a Slave was similarly praised , earning him his first Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor . In 2013 , Fassbender appeared in another Ridley Scott film , The Counselor . In 2015 , he portrayed the title role in the Danny Boyle-directed biopic Steve Jobs -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and played Macbeth in Justin Kurzel 's adaptation of William Shakespeare 's play . For the former , he has received Academy Award , BAFTA , Golden Globe and SAG nominations . In 2015 , he produced the western Slow West , in which he also starred .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Red Headed Stranger is a movie.", "evidence": "Red Headed Stranger is a 1975 album by American outlaw country singer Willie Nelson . After the wide success of his recordings with Atlantic Records , coupled with the negotiating skills of his manager , Neil Reshen , Nelson signed a contract with Columbia Records , a label that gave him total creative control over his works . The concept for the album was inspired by the `` Tale of the Red Headed Stranger '' , a song that Nelson used to play as a disk jockey on his program in Fort Worth , Texas . After signing with Columbia he decided to record the song , and arranged the details during his return to Austin , Texas , from a trip to Colorado . It was recorded at low cost at Autumn Sound Studios in Garland , Texas . The songs featured sparse arrangements , largely limited to Nelson 's guitar , piano and drums . Nelson presented the finished material to Columbia executives , who were dubious about releasing an album that they at first thought was a demo . However , Nelson had creative control , so no further production was added .   A concept album , Red Headed Stranger is about a fugitive on the run from the law after killing his wife and her lover . The content consists of songs with brief poetic lyrics and arrangements of older material such as Fred Rose 's `` Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain '' , Wolfe Gilbert 's `` Down Yonder '' and Juventino Rosas ' `` O'er the Waves '' . Despite Columbia 's doubts and the limited instrumentation , Red Headed Stranger was a blockbuster among country music and mainstream audiences . It was certified multi-platinum , and made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music . The cover of `` Blue Eyes Crying in the Rain '' , released as a single previous to the album full release became Nelson 's first number one hit . The title of the album would become a lasting nickname for Nelson . It was ranked # 183 on Rolling Stones list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time , and number one on CMT 's 40 Greatest Albums in Country Music . In 2010 it was inducted to the National Recording Registry .   In 1986 Nelson starred as the Red Headed Stranger in a movie of the same name , based on the story of the album . The album has had a strong cultural impact ; the song `` Time of the Preacher '' has been used often in the series Edge of Darkness , and its lyrics were used as well in the first issue of the comic Preacher .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Paul Bettany has played Vision in at least two works.", "evidence": "Paul Bettany -LRB- born 27 May 1971 -RRB- is an English actor . He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Iron Man 2 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , The Avengers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Iron Man 3 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and Avengers : Age of Ultron -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise . He reprised his role as the Vision in Captain America : Civil War -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . He first came to the attention of mainstream audiences when he appeared in the British film Gangster No. 1 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and director Brian Helgeland 's film A Knight 's Tale -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . He has gone on to appear in a wide variety of films , including A Beautiful Mind -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Dogville -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Wimbledon -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and the adaptation of the novel The Da Vinci Code -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   He has been nominated for various awards , including BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture . Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children . His most commercially successful films have been The Avengers , which grossed over US$ 1.5 billion , its sequel Avengers : Age of Ultron , which grossed over $ 1.4 billion , Iron Man 3 , which grossed over US$ 1.2 billion , Captain America : Civil War , which grossed over US$ 1.1 billion , and The Da Vinci Code , which grossed US$ 758 million .  Paul Bettany -LRB- born 27 May 1971 -RRB- is an English actor . He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , specifically the films Iron Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Iron Man 2 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , The Avengers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Iron Man 3 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and Avengers : Age of Ultron -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , in which he also portrayed the Vision , in the Marvel Cinematic Universe for which he garnered praise . He reprised his role as the Vision in Captain America : Civil War -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . He first came to the attention of mainstream audiences when he appeared in the British film Gangster No. 1 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and director Brian Helgeland 's film A Knight 's Tale -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . He has gone on to appear in a wide variety of films , including A Beautiful Mind -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Dogville -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Wimbledon -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and the adaptation of the novel The Da Vinci Code -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   He has been nominated for various awards , including BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture . Bettany is married to American actress Jennifer Connelly , with whom he has two children . His most commercially successful films have been The Avengers , which grossed over US$ 1.5 billion , its sequel Avengers : Age of Ultron , which grossed over $ 1.4 billion , Iron Man 3 , which grossed over US$ 1.2 billion , Captain America : Civil War , which grossed over US$ 1.1 billion , and The Da Vinci Code , which grossed US$ 758 million .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Scotland's Hebrides is widespread and diverse with many islands.", "evidence": "Scotland -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8sk\u0252t.l\u0259nd -RSB- Scots : -LSB- - sco\u02c8sk\u0254t.l\u0259nd -RSB- Alba -LSB- \u02c8al\u032a\u02e0ap\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and covers the northern third of the island of Great Britain . It shares a border with England to the south , and is otherwise surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to the east and the North Channel and Irish Sea to the south-west . In addition to the mainland , the country is made up of more than 790 islands , including the Northern Isles and the Hebrides .   The Kingdom of Scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the Early Middle Ages and continued to exist until 1707 . By inheritance in 1603 , James VI , King of Scots , became King of England and King of Ireland , thus forming a personal union of the three kingdoms . Scotland subsequently entered into a political union with the Kingdom of England on 1 May 1707 to create the new Kingdom of Great Britain . The union also created a new Parliament of Great Britain , which succeeded both the Parliament of Scotland and the Parliament of England . In 1801 , Great Britain itself entered into a political union with the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .   Within Scotland , the monarchy of the United Kingdom has continued to use a variety of styles , titles and other royal symbols of statehood specific to the pre-union Kingdom of Scotland . The legal system within Scotland has also remained separate from those of England and Wales and Northern Ireland ; Scotland constitutes a distinct jurisdiction in both public and private law . The continued existence of legal , educational , religious and other institutions distinct from those in the remainder of the UK have all contributed to the continuation of Scottish culture and national identity since the 1707 union with England .   In 1997 , a Scottish Parliament was re-established , in the form of a devolved unicameral legislature comprising 129 members , having authority over many areas of domestic policy . Scotland is represented in the United Kingdom Parliament by 59 MPs and in the European Parliament by 6 MEPs . Scotland is also a member of the British -- Irish Council , and sends five elected representatives to the British -- Irish Parliamentary Assembly .  The Hebrides -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8h\u025bbr\u1d7bdi\u02d0z -RSB- Scottish Gaelic : Innse Gall -LRB- -LSB- \u0129\u02d0\u0283\u0259 gau\u032fl\u032a\u02e0 -RSB- -RRB- ; Old Norse : Su\u00f0reyjar -RRB- comprise a widespread and diverse archipelago off the west coast of mainland Scotland . There are two main groups : the Inner and Outer Hebrides . These islands have a long history of occupation dating back to the Mesolithic , and the culture of the residents has been affected by the successive influences of Celtic , Norse , and English-speaking peoples . This diversity is reflected in the names given to the islands , which are derived from the languages that have been spoken there in historic and perhaps prehistoric times .   The Hebrides are the source of much of Scottish Gaelic literature and Gaelic music . Today the economy of the islands is dependent on crofting , fishing , tourism , the oil industry , and renewable energy . The Hebrides have lower biodiversity than mainland Britain , but there is a significant presence of seals and seabirds .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Uzbekistan is a part of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).", "evidence": "Uzbekistan -LRB- -LSB- \u028az\u02c8b\u025bk\u1d7b\u02ccst\u00e6n , _ - \u02ccst\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- , -LSB- \u028az\u02ccb\u025bk\u1d7b\u02c8st\u0251\u02d0n , _ \u028cz - , _ - \u02c8st\u00e6n -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Uzbekistan -LRB- O\u02bbzbekiston Respublikasi , \u040e\u0437\u0431\u0435\u043a\u0438\u0441\u0442\u043e\u043d \u0420\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0430\u0441\u0438 \u0420\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0430 \u0423\u0437\u0431\u0435\u043a\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d -RRB- , is one of only two doubly landlocked countries in the world . Located in Central Asia , it is a unitary , constitutional , presidential republic , comprising twelve provinces , one autonomous republic and a capital city . Uzbekistan is bordered by five landlocked countries : Kazakhstan to the north ; Tajikistan to the southeast ; Kyrgyzstan to the northeast ; Afghanistan to the south ; and Turkmenistan to the southwest .   Once part of the Turkic Khaganate and later Timurid Empires , the region that today includes the Republic of Uzbekistan was conquered in the early 16th century by Eastern Turkic-speaking nomads . The area was gradually incorporated into the Russian Empire during the 19th century , and in 1924 what is now Uzbekistan became a bordered constituent republic of the Soviet Union , known as the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic -LRB- Uzbek SSR -RRB- . Following the breakup of the Soviet Union , it declared independence as the Republic of Uzbekistan on 31 August 1991 -LRB- officially celebrated the following day -RRB- .   Uzbekistan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage . The country 's official language is Uzbek , a Turkic language written in the Latin alphabet and spoken natively by approximately 85 % of the population ; however , Russian remains in widespread use . Uzbeks constitute 81 % of the population , followed by Russians -LRB- 5.4 % -RRB- , Tajiks -LRB- 4.0 % -RRB- , Kazakhs -LRB- 3.0 % -RRB- , and others -LRB- 6.5 % -RRB- . A majority of Uzbeks are non-denominational Muslims . Uzbekistan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe -LRB- OSCE -RRB- , UN , and the SCO . While officially a democratic republic , non-governmental human rights organizations define Uzbekistan as `` an authoritarian state with limited civil rights '' .   Uzbekistan 's economy relies mainly on commodity production , including cotton , gold , uranium , and natural gas . Despite the declared objective of transition to a market economy , its government continues to maintain economic controls which imports in favour of domestic `` import substitution '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charles, Prince of Wales is patron of numerous other organizations.", "evidence": "Charles , Prince of Wales -LRB- Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 -RRB- is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II . Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 . He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover -LRB- the heir presumptive to Queen Anne -RRB- , who died in 1714 at the age of 83 .   Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child , as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College , Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 .   In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons : Prince William -LRB- born 1982 -RRB- later to become Duke of Cambridge , and Prince Harry -LRB- born 1984 -RRB- . In 1996 , the couple divorced , following well-publicised extramarital affairs . Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year . In 2005 , Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles .   Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations . Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 . Charles has sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment , such as climate change . As an environmentalist , he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world . His support for alternative medicine , including homeopathy , has been criticised by some in the medical community . He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings . Subsequently , Charles created Poundbury , an experimental new town based on his theories , in Dorset in 1993 . He has authored a number of books , including A Vision of Britain : A Personal View of Architecture in 1989 and the children 's book The Old Man of Lochnagar in 1980 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chester Bennington is not a singer.", "evidence": "Chester Charles Bennington -LRB- born March 20 , 1976 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor . He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies . He was originally the lead vocalist for Sean Dowdell And His Friends ? and Grey Daze . Bennington was the lead vocalist for Stone Temple Pilots from 2013 to 2015 .   Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success . The album was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2005 , making it the best-selling debut album of the decade , as well as one of the few albums to ever hit that many sales . Linkin Park 's following studio albums , Meteora -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Minutes to Midnight -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , A Thousand Suns -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Living Things -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and The Hunting Party -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , continued the band 's success . Bennington formed his own band , Dead by Sunrise , as a side project in 2005 . The band 's debut album , Out of Ashes , was released on October 13 , 2009 . He worked on new material with Stone Temple Pilots in 2013 to release the EP High Rise on October 8 , 2013 via their own record label , Play Pen . Bennington has been ranked in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader -LRB- No. 46 -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Vincent Cassel played Jacques Mesrine in at least two films.", "evidence": "Vincent Cassel -LRB- -LSB- v\u025b\u0303s\u0251\u0303 kas\u025bl -RSB- ; born Vincent Crochon , 23 November 1966 -RRB- is a French actor best known to English-speaking audiences through his film performances in Ocean 's Twelve and Ocean 's Thirteen , as well as Black Swan . Cassel is also renowned for playing the infamous French bank-robber Jacques Mesrine in Mesrine : Killer Instinct and Mesrine : Public Enemy Number One .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pope John Paul II co-stars many actors besides Christopher Lee.", "evidence": "Pope John Paul II is a 2005 television miniseries dramatizing the life of Pope John Paul II -LRB- Karol J\u00f3zef Wojty\u0142a -RRB- from his early adult years in Poland to his death at age 84 .   The miniseries was written and directed by John Kent Harrison and aired in the United States on the CBS network on 4 and 7 December 2005 . It was first released in Vatican City on 17 November 2005 and ten days later throughout Italy on Rai 1   Jon Voight portrays an older Karol Wojty\u0142a -LRB- after his investiture as pope in 1978 -RRB- , while Cary Elwes portrays Wojty\u0142a in his earlier life from 1939 to 1978 . Voight was nominated for an Emmy Award for his performance .   Pope John Paul II co-stars James Cromwell as Archbishop Adam Stefan Cardinal Sapieha , Ben Gazzara as Agostino Cardinal Casaroli , and Christopher Lee as Stefan Cardinal Wyszy\u0144ski . Polish actor Mikolaj Grabowski is seen twice playing Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger of Germany , who would succeed John Paul II as Pope Benedict XVI .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Beckham has zero middle names.", "evidence": "David Robert Joseph Beckham , -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8b\u025bk\u0259m -RSB- born 2 May 1975 -RRB- is an English former professional footballer . He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain , and the England national team for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016 when Wayne Rooney surpassed his total . He is the first English player to win league titles in four countries : England , Spain , the United States and France . He announced his retirement in May 2013 after a 20-year career , during which he won 19 major trophies .   Known for his range of passing , crossing ability and bending free-kicks as a right winger , Beckham was runner up in the Ballon d'Or , twice runner-up for FIFA World Player of the Year and in 2004 he was named by Pel\u00e9 in the FIFA 100 list of the world 's greatest living players . He was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2008 . A global ambassador for the sport , Beckham is regarded as a British cultural icon .   Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United , where he made his first-team debut in 1992 aged 17 . With United , he won the Premier League title six times , the FA Cup twice , and the UEFA Champions League in 1999 . He then played four seasons with Real Madrid , winning the La Liga championship in his final season with the club . In July 2007 Beckham signed a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy . While a Galaxy player , he spent two loan spells in Italy with Milan in 2009 and 2010 . He was the first British footballer to play 100 UEFA Champions League games .   In international football , Beckham made his England debut on 1 September 1996 at the age of 21 . He was captain for six years , earning 58 caps during his tenure . He made 115 career appearances in total , appearing at three FIFA World Cup tournaments , in 1998 , 2002 and 2006 , and two UEFA European Championship tournaments , in 2000 and 2004 .   Beckham has consistently ranked among the highest earners in football , and in 2013 he was listed as the highest-paid player in the world , earning over $ 50 million in the previous 12 months . He has been married to Victoria Beckham since 1999 and they have four children . He has been a UNICEF UK ambassador since 2005 , and in 2015 he launched 7 : The David Beckham UNICEF Fund . In 2014 , MLS announced Beckham and a group of investors would own an expansion team in Miami , which would begin in 2016 or 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Indiana Jones has only been portrayed by Harrison Ford.", "evidence": "Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr. -LRB- also shortened to Indy -RRB- is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise . George Lucas created the character in homage to the action heroes of 1930s film serials . The character first appeared in the 1981 film Raiders of the Lost Ark , to be followed by Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom in 1984 , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade in 1989 , The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles from 1992 to 1996 , and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull in 2008 . The character is also featured in novels , comics , video games , and other media . Jones is also featured in the Disney theme park attraction , Indiana Jones Adventure at Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea , as well as the Disneyland Paris attraction Indiana Jones et le Temple du P\u00e9ril .   Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix -LRB- as the young Jones in The Last Crusade -RRB- and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall . Doug Lee has supplied the voice of Jones for two LucasArts video games , Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis and Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine , David Esch supplied his voice for Indiana Jones and the Emperor 's Tomb , and John Armstrong for Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings .   The character is distinguished by his appearance -LRB- bullwhip , fedora , satchel and leather jacket -RRB- , sense of humor , deep knowledge of many ancient civilizations and languages , and fear of snakes .   Since his first appearance in Raiders of the Lost Ark , Indiana Jones has become one of cinema 's most famous characters . In 2003 , the American Film Institute ranked him the second greatest film hero of all time . He was also named the 6th Greatest Movie Character by Empire magazine . Entertainment Weekly ranked Indy 2nd on their list of The All-Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture . Premiere magazine also placed Indy at number 7 on their list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Brian Wilson was part of the Beach Boys.", "evidence": "Brian Douglas Wilson -LRB- born June 20 , 1942 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and record producer best known for being the multi-tasking leader and co-founder of the rock band the Beach Boys . After signing with Capitol Records in 1962 , Wilson wrote or co-wrote more than two dozen Top 40 hits for the group . Because of his unorthodox approaches to song composition and arrangement and mastery of recording techniques , he is widely acknowledged , by critics and musicians alike , as one of the most innovative and influential creative forces in popular music .   In the mid-1960s , Wilson composed , arranged and produced Pet Sounds -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , considered one of the greatest albums ever made . The intended follow-up to Pet Sounds , Smile , was canceled for various reasons , which included Wilson 's deteriorating mental health . As he suffered repeated nervous breakdowns , Wilson 's contributions to the Beach Boys diminished , and his erratic behavior led to tensions with the band . Following a court-ordered removal from the care of psychologist Eugene Landy , Wilson started receiving conventional medical treatment , and in the late 1990s , he began performing and recording consistently as a solo artist . He remains a member of the Beach Boys ' corporation , Brother Records Incorporated .   Wilson is considered a major innovator in the field of music production , the principal originator of the California Sound , one of the first music producer auteurs , and one of the most famous examples of the outsider musician . Only 21 years old when he received the freedom to produce his own records with total creative autonomy , he ignited an explosion of like-minded California producers , supplanting New York as the center of popular records , and becoming the first rock producer to use the studio as its own instrument . Wilson effectively set a precedent that allowed bands and artists to enter a recording studio and act as their own producers or co-producers . His songs became inextricably tied with the zeitgeist of the early 1960s , and he helped develop the sound of the wistful Flower Power era that proceeded . In later years , Wilson was regarded as a `` godfather '' to an era of indie musicians who were inspired by his melodic sensibilities , chamber pop orchestrations , and recording explorations .   His honors include being inducted into the 1988 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and winning Grammy Awards for Brian Wilson Presents Smile -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and The Smile Sessions -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . In lists published by Rolling Stone , Wilson ranked 52 for the `` 100 Greatest Singers of All Time '' in 2008 and 12 for the `` 100 Greatest Songwriters of All Time '' in 2015 . In 2012 , music publication NME ranked Wilson number 8 in its `` 50 Greatest Producers Ever '' list , elaborating `` few consider quite how groundbreaking Brian Wilson 's studio techniques were in the mid-60s '' . He is an occasional actor and voice actor , having appeared in television shows , films , and other artists ' music videos . His life was portrayed in the 2014 biopic Love & Mercy , which received a wide release in 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Great Gatsby centers on a youthful person with over a million dollars.", "evidence": "The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 . The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan . Considered to be Fitzgerald 's magnum opus , The Great Gatsby explores themes of decadence , idealism , resistance to change , social upheaval , and excess , creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream .   Fitzgerald -- inspired by the parties he had attended while visiting Long Island 's north shore -- began planning the novel in 1923 , desiring to produce , in his words , `` something new -- something extraordinary and beautiful and simple and intricately patterned . '' Progress was slow , with Fitzgerald completing his first draft following a move to the French Riviera in 1924 . His editor , Maxwell Perkins , felt the book was vague and persuaded the author to revise over the next winter . Fitzgerald was repeatedly ambivalent about the book 's title and he considered a variety of alternatives , including titles that referenced the Roman character Trimalchio ; the title he was last documented to have desired was Under the Red , White , and Blue .   First published by Scribner 's in April 1925 , The Great Gatsby received mixed reviews and sold poorly ; in its first year , the book sold only 20,000 copies . Fitzgerald died in 1940 , believing himself to be a failure and his work forgotten . However , the novel experienced a revival during World , and became a part of American high school curricula and numerous stage and film adaptations in the following decades . Today , The Great Gatsby is widely considered to be a literary classic and a contender for the title `` Great American Novel . '' In 1998 , the Modern Library editorial board voted it the 20th century 's best American novel and second best English-language novel of the same time period .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shane Black and Chris Miller wrote Iron Man 3.", "evidence": "Iron Man 3 -LRB- stylized onscreen as Iron Man Three -RRB- is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2008 's Iron Man and 2010 's Iron Man 2 , and the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce , which uses concepts from the `` Extremis '' story arc by Warren Ellis . The film stars Robert Downey Jr. , Gwyneth Paltrow , Don Cheadle , Guy Pearce , Rebecca Hall , Stephanie Szostak , James Badge Dale , Jon Favreau , and Ben Kingsley . In Iron Man 3 , Tony Stark deals with posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers , while investigating the reemergence of the Ten Rings , led by the mysterious Mandarin and comes into a conflict with an old enemy : Aldrich Killian .   After the release of Iron Man 2 in May 2010 , Favreau , who served as director , decided not to return , and in February 2011 Black was hired to write and direct the film . Black and Pearce opted to make the script more character-centric and focused on thriller elements . Throughout April and May 2012 , the film 's supporting cast was filled out , with Kingsley , Pearce , and Hall brought in to portray key roles . Filming began on May 23 , and lasted through December 17 , 2012 , primarily at EUE/Screen Gems Studios in Wilmington , North Carolina . Additional shooting took place at various locations around North Carolina , as well as Florida , China , and Los Angeles . The visual effects were handled by 17 companies , including Scanline VFX , Digital Domain , and Weta Digital . The film was converted to 3D in post-production .   Iron Man 3 premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on April 14 , 2013 . It began its release on April 25 , 2013 , internationally , and debuted in the United States one week later on May 3 . The film received generally positive reviews and was commercially successful , grossing over $ 1.2 billion worldwide , the second highest-grossing film of 2013 overall , and the second-highest-grossing film at the domestic box office released in 2013 . It became the sixteenth film to gross over $ 1 billion and the 5th-highest-grossing film of all time , with its opening weekend ranking as the 6th-highest-grossing opening of all time . The film also received a nomination for Academy Award in the category of Best Visual Effects , and received another nomination for BAFTA Award in the same category .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "La La Anthony was conceived on June 25th, 1979.", "evidence": "Alani Nicole `` La La '' Anthony -LRB- n\u00e9e V\u00e1zquez ; born June 25 , 1979 -RRB- is a television personality , New York Times best-selling author , business woman , producer and actress .   In the early 2000s , La La came to prominence as an MTV VJ on Total Request Live . La La can be seen in the Starz original drama series , Power , executive produced by 50 Cent and starring Omari Hardwick and Naturi Naughton .   In 2014 La La reprised her role as Sonia in the film Think Like a Man Too and in 2015 appeared in November Rule and Destined .   In 2004 La La began dating NBA player Carmelo Anthony and they were married by Michael Eric Dyson on July 10 , 2010 at Cipriani 's in New York City before 320 guests . The ceremony was filmed by VH1 and aired as part of a reality series on the couple , titled La La 's Full Court Wedding . La La and Carmelo Anthony 's son , Kiyan Carmelo Anthony , was born on March 7 , 2007 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Led Zeppelin is a band.", "evidence": "Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 . The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham . The band 's heavy , guitar-driven sound , rooted in blues and psychedelia on their early albums , has earned them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal , though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences , including folk music .   After changing their name from the New Yardbirds , Led Zeppelin signed a deal with Atlantic Records that afforded them considerable artistic freedom . Although the group was initially unpopular with critics , they achieved significant commercial success with albums such as Led Zeppelin -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin II -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin III -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin IV -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , Houses of the Holy -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and Physical Graffiti -LRB- 1975 -RRB- . Their fourth album , which features the track `` Stairway to Heaven '' , is among the most popular and influential works in rock music , and it helped to secure the group 's popularity .   Page wrote most of Led Zeppelin 's music , particularly early in their career , while Plant generally supplied the lyrics . Jones ' keyboard-based compositions later became central to the group 's catalogue , which featured increasing experimentation . The latter half of their career saw a series of record-breaking tours that earned the group a reputation for excess and debauchery . Although they remained commercially and critically successful , their output and touring schedule were limited during the late 1970s , and the group disbanded following Bonham 's death from alcohol-related asphyxia in 1980 . In the decades that followed , the surviving members sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions . The most successful of these was the 2007 Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert in London , with Jason Bonham taking his late father 's place behind the drums .   Led Zeppelin are widely considered one of the most successful , innovative , and influential rock groups in history . They are one of the best-selling music artists in the history of audio recording ; various sources estimate the group 's record sales at 200 to 300 million units worldwide . With RIAA-certified sales of 111.5 million units , they are the second-best-selling band in the US . Each of their nine studio albums placed in the top 10 of the Billboard album chart and six reached the number-one spot . They achieved eight consecutive UK number-one albums . Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' . They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 ; the museum 's biography of the band states that they were `` as influential '' during the 1970s as the Beatles were during the 1960s .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Richard Harris was born on October 25, 2002.", "evidence": "Richard St John Harris -LRB- 1 October 1930 -- 25 October 2002 -RRB- was an Irish actor and singer . He appeared on stage and in many films , appearing as Frank Machin in This Sporting Life , and King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot and the subsequent 1981 revival of the show . He played an aristocrat and prisoner in A Man Called Horse -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , a gunfighter in Clint Eastwood 's Western film Unforgiven -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Emperor Marcus Aurelius in Gladiator -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and Albus Dumbledore in the first two Harry Potter films : the Sorcerer 's Stone -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the Chamber of Secrets -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Harris had a top ten hit in the United Kingdom and United States with his 1968 recording of Jimmy Webb 's song `` MacArthur Park '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Fosters is a television series.", "evidence": "The Fosters is an American family drama television series created by Peter Paige and Bradley Bredeweg which first premiered in the United States on June 3 , 2013 on the Freeform -LRB- previously named ABC Family -RRB- television network . It follows the lives of the Foster family led by lesbian couple Stef and Lena , a cop and a school vice principal respectively , who raise a multi-ethnic blended family that consists of one biological and four adopted children in San Diego , California .   The first season of The Fosters received generally favorable reviews from critics and also garnered particular acclaim for its portrayal of LGBT themes . It also earned two GLAAD Media Awards and one Teen Choice Award .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Blair is Jonathan Hensleigh's middle name.", "evidence": "Jonathan Blair Hensleigh -LRB- born February 1959 -RRB- is an American screenwriter and film director , working primarily in the action-adventure genre , best known for writing film such as Jumanji , Die Hard with a Vengeance , and Armageddon , as well as making his own directorial debut with the 2004 comic book action film The Punisher .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Filmfare is about cheese.", "evidence": "Filmfare is an English-language , tabloid-sized magazine about Hindi-language cinema , popularly known as Bollywood . Established in 1952 , the magazine is published by Worldwide Media , a subsidiary of The Times Group , India 's largest media services conglomerate . Filmfare is one of the most popular entertainment magazine in India . Since 1954 , it gives popular film awards the annual Filmfare Awards and Filmfare Awards South .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Buckingham Palace lacks brightly colored scagliola.", "evidence": "Buckingham Palace -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8b\u028ck\u026a\u014b\u0259m_\u02c8p\u00e6l\u026as -RSB- -RRB- is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom . Located in the City of Westminster , the palace is often at the centre of state occasions and royal hospitality . It has been a focal point for the British people at times of national rejoicing and mourning .   Originally known as Buckingham House , the building at the core of today 's palace was a large townhouse built for the Duke of Buckingham in 1703 on a site that had been in private ownership for at least 150 years . It was acquired by King George III in 1761 as a private residence for Queen Charlotte and became known as The Queen 's House . During the 19th century it was enlarged , principally by architects John Nash and Edward Blore , who constructed three wings around a central courtyard . Buckingham Palace became the London residence of the British monarch on the accession of Queen Victoria in 1837 .   The last major structural additions were made in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , including the East front , which contains the well-known balcony on which the royal family traditionally congregates to greet crowds . The palace chapel was destroyed by a German bomb during World War II ; the Queen 's Gallery was built on the site and opened to the public in 1962 to exhibit works of art from the Royal Collection .   The original early 19th-century interior designs , many of which survive , include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis , on the advice of Sir Charles Long . King Edward VII oversaw a partial redecoration in a Belle \u00c9poque cream and gold colour scheme . Many smaller reception rooms are furnished in the Chinese regency style with furniture and fittings brought from the Royal Pavilion at Brighton and from Carlton House . The palace has 775 rooms , and the garden is the largest private garden in London . The state rooms , used for official and state entertaining , are open to the public each year for most of August and September and on some days in winter and spring .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sarah Paulson makes an appearance in What Women Want.", "evidence": "Sarah Catharine Paulson -LRB- born December 17 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actress . After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic -LRB- 1995 -- 96 -RRB- and Jack & Jill -LRB- 1999 -- 2001 -RRB- . Paulson later appeared in comedy films such as What Women Want -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and Down with Love -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and had dramatic roles in films such as Path to War -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and The Notorious Bettie Page -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . From 2006 to 2007 , Paulson played the role of Harriet Hayes in the NBC comedy-drama series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination . In 2008 , she starred as Ellen Dolan in the superhero noir film The Spirit .   Paulson has appeared on Broadway in the plays The Glass Menagerie -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Collected Stories -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . She also starred in a number of independent films , and had a leading role on the ABC comedy series Cupid in 2009 . She later starred in the independent drama Martha Marcy May Marlene -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and received Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for her performance as Nicolle Wallace in the HBO film Game Change -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Paulson starred as Mary Epps in the 2013 historical drama film 12 Years a Slave and as Abby Gerhard in the 2015 drama film Carol . Both films received widespread critical acclaim and were nominated for multiple Academy Awards .   In 2011 , Paulson began starring in the FX anthology series American Horror Story , playing different characters in each of the show 's six seasons . For her work throughout the series , she has been nominated for four Primetime Emmy Awards -LRB- 2013 -- 16 -RRB- and won two Critics ' Choice Television Awards for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries -LRB- 2013 and 2015 -RRB- . In 2016 , Paulson portrayed real life prosecutor Marcia Clark in the first season of the anthology series American Crime Story , subtitled The People v. O. J. Simpson . For her work in the series , she has been awarded the Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Movie/Miniseries , Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Miniseries or Television Film as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie .   According to Time magazine , she is one of the 100 most influential people of the year 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Harbour is an American.", "evidence": "David Harbour -LRB- born April 10 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre . He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The terrain of Kazakhstan includes taiga.", "evidence": "Kazakhstan -LRB- -LSB- USk\u00e6z\u00e6k\u02c8st\u00e6n , _ \u02cck\u0251\u02d0z\u0251\u02d0k\u02c8st\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- , -LSB- \u02cck\u00e6z\u0259k\u02c8st\u0251\u02d0n , _ - \u02c8st\u00e6n -RSB- \u049a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u049b\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d , tr . Qazaqstan , -LSB- q\u0251z\u0251q\u02c8st\u0251n -RSB- ; \u041a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u0445\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d , tr . Kazakhstan -RRB- , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan -LRB- \u049a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u049b\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d \u0420\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0430\u0441\u044b , tr . Qazaqstan Respwbl\u00efkas\u0131 ; \u0420\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0430 \u041a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u0445\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d , tr . Respublika Kazakhstan -RRB- , is a transcontinental country in northern Central Asia and Eastern Europe . Kazakhstan is the world 's largest landlocked country , and the ninth largest in the world , with an area of 2,724,900 km \u00b2 . Kazakhstan is the dominant nation of Central Asia economically , generating 60 % of the region 's GDP , primarily through its oil/gas industry . It also has vast mineral resources .   Kazakhstan is officially a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage . Kazakhstan shares borders with Russia , China , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , and Turkmenistan , and also adjoins a large part of the Caspian Sea . The terrain of Kazakhstan includes flatlands , steppe , taiga , rock canyons , hills , deltas , snow-capped mountains , and deserts . Kazakhstan has an estimated 18 million people , Given its large land area , its population density is among the lowest , at less than 6 people per square kilometre -LRB- 15 people per sq. mi . -RRB- . The capital is Astana , where it was moved in 1997 from Almaty , the country 's largest city .   The territory of Kazakhstan has historically been inhabited by nomadic tribes . This changed in the 13th century , when Genghis Khan occupied the country as part of the Mongolian Empire . Following internal struggles among the conquerors , power eventually reverted to the nomads . By the 16th century , the Kazakh emerged as a distinct group , divided into three j\u00fcz -LRB- ancestor branches occupying specific territories -RRB- . The Russians began advancing into the Kazakh steppe in the 18th century , and by the mid-19th century , they nominally ruled all of Kazakhstan as part of the Russian Empire . Following the 1917 Russian Revolution , and subsequent civil war , the territory of Kazakhstan was reorganised several times . In 1936 , it was made the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic , part of the Soviet Union .   Kazakhstan was the last of the Soviet republics to declare independence during the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 . The current President , Nursultan Nazarbayev , has been leader of the country since then , and is characterised as authoritarian , with a government history of human rights abuses and suppression of political opposition . Kazakhstan has worked to develop its economy , especially its dominant hydrocarbon industry . Human Rights Watch says that `` Kazakhstan heavily restricts freedom of assembly , speech , and religion , '' and other human rights organisations regularly describe Kazakhstan 's human rights situation as poor .   Kazakhstan 's 131 ethnicities include Kazakhs -LRB- 63 % of the population -RRB- , Russians , Uzbeks , Ukrainians , Germans , Tatars , and Uyghurs . Islam is the religion of about 70 % of the population , with Christianity practised by 26 % ; Kazakhstan officially allows freedom of religion , but religious leaders who oppose the government are suppressed . The Kazakh language is the state language , and Russian has equal official status for all levels of administrative and institutional purposes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Liverpool F.C. was valued at $1.55 billion at one point.", "evidence": "Liverpool Football Club -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u026av\u0259rpu\u02d0l -RSB- -RRB- is a professional association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , England . They compete in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .   The club was founded in 1892 and joined the Football League the following year . The club has played at Anfield since its formation . Liverpool established itself as a major force in both English and European football during the 1970s and 1980s when Bill Shankly and Bob Paisley led the club to 11 League titles and seven European trophies . Under the management of Rafa Ben\u00edtez and captained by Steven Gerrard Liverpool became European champion for the fifth time , winning the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final against Milan in spite of being 3 -- 0 down at half time .   Liverpool was the ninth highest-earning football club in the world for 2014 -- 15 , with an annual revenue of $ 391 million , and the world 's eighth most valuable football club in 2016 , valued at $ 1.55 billion . The club holds many long-standing rivalries , most notably the North West Derby against Manchester United and the Merseyside derby with Everton .   The club 's supporters have been involved in two major tragedies . The first was the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985 , where escaping fans were pressed against a collapsing wall in the Heysel Stadium , with 39 people -- mostly Italians and Juventus fans -- dying , after which English clubs were given a five-year ban from European competition . The second was the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 , where 96 Liverpool supporters died in a crush against perimeter fencing . The team changed from red shirts and white shorts to an all-red home strip in 1964 which has been used ever since . The club 's anthem is `` You 'll Never Walk Alone '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Land Rover makes cars.", "evidence": "Land Rover is a car brand that specialises in four-wheel-drive vehicles , owned by British multinational car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover , which has been owned by India 's Tata Motors since 2008 . The Land Rover is regarded as a British icon , and was granted a Royal Warrant by King George VI in 1951 .   The Land Rover name was originally used by the Rover Company for the Land Rover Series , launched in 1948 . It developed into a brand encompassing a range of four-wheel-drive models , including the Defender , Discovery , Freelander , Range Rover , Range Rover Sport , and Range Rover Evoque . Land Rovers are currently assembled in the company 's Halewood and Solihull plants , with research and development taking place at the Gaydon and Whitley engineering centres . Land Rover sold 194,000 vehicles worldwide in 2009 .   In September 2013 , Jaguar Land Rover announced plans to open a # 100 million -LRB- US$ 160 million -RRB- research and development centre in the University of Warwick , Coventry to create a next generation of vehicle technologies . The carmaker said around 1,000 academics and engineers would work there and that construction would start in 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sully is a form of media.", "evidence": "Sully -LRB- also known as Sully : Miracle on the Hudson -RRB- is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki , based on the autobiography Highest Duty by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow . The film stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger , with Aaron Eckhart , Laura Linney , Anna Gunn , Autumn Reeser , Holt McCallany , Jamey Sheridan , and Jerry Ferrara in supporting roles . The film follows Sullenberger 's January 2009 emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River , in which all 155 passengers and crew survived with only minor injuries , and the subsequent publicity and investigation .   Sully premiered at the 43rd Annual Telluride Film Festival on September 2 , 2016 , and was released in the United States by Warner Bros. on September 9 , 2016 , in conventional and IMAX theaters . The film received positive reviews from critics and has grossed over $ 238 million worldwide , but created controversy with its portrayal of the National Transportation Safety Board -LRB- NTSB -RRB- . The American Film Institute selected it as one of its ten Movies of the Year .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stanley Tucci performed in an television series.", "evidence": "Stanley Tucci -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8tu\u02d0t\u0283i -RSB- -LSB- \u02c8tutt\u0283i -RSB- ; born November 11 , 1960 -RRB- is an American character actor , writer , producer and film director .   Tucci was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Lovely Bones -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . He won two Emmy Awards for his performances in Winchell and Monk . He was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children , for The One and Only Shrek ! .  Monk is an American comedy-drama detective mystery television series created by Andy Breckman and starring Tony Shalhoub as the eponymous character , Adrian Monk . It originally ran from 2002 to 2009 and is primarily a police procedural series , and also exhibits comic and dramatic tones in its exploration of the main characters ' personal lives . The series was produced by Mandeville Films and Touchstone Television in association with Universal Television .   The series debuted on July 12 , 2002 , on USA Network . It continued for eight seasons , with the final season concluding on December 4 , 2009 . The series held the record for the most-watched scripted drama episode in cable television history from 2009 through 2012 -LRB- broken by The Walking Dead -RRB- with `` Mr. Monk and the End -- Part II '' , its series finale , with 9.4 million viewers , 3.2 million of them in the 18 -- 49 demographic .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Brock Lesnar married Randy Couture.", "evidence": "Brock Edward Lesnar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u025bzn\u0259r -RSB- born July 12 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist , amateur wrestler , and professional American football player . He is signed with WWE , where he performs on the Raw brand and is the current WWE Universal Champion in his first reign .   After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota , Lesnar signed with WWE -LRB- then the World Wrestling Federation -RRB- in 2000 . He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he was a three-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin . After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle -LRB- twice -RRB- . Lesnar won the then WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history . He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well . Following his match with Goldberg at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar left the WWE and pursued a career in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- . He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings , but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 -- 2005 season . In 2005 , Lesnar returned to professional wrestling and signed with New Japan Pro-Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , where he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in his first match . After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation -LRB- IGF -RRB- .   In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- , as he signed with Hero 's and won his first fight , against Min-Soo Kim , in June 2007 . He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- the following October . Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring . In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion . Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis . He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion in the process . Lesnar then lost the championship to Cain Velasquez at UFC 121 . In 2011 , he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery . Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December , losing to Alistair Overeem and promptly retiring from MMA . Lesnar was a box office sensation in UFC , as he took part in a some of the best selling pay-per-view events in UFC history , including UFC 100 and UFC 116 .   In April 2012 , Lesnar once again returned to professional wrestling , rejoining WWE after an eight-year hiatus . Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at WrestleMania . He achieved world champion status twice since his return , having won the then WWE World Heavyweight Championship in 2014 and the WWE Universal Championship in 2017 . Lesnar has been managed by Paul Heyman throughout the majority of his professional wrestling career .   In June 2016 at UFC 199 , the UFC announced that Lesnar would return to MMA to fight at UFC 200 . His opponent was later revealed to be Mark Hunt . Lesnar would defeat Hunt via unanimous decision . However , after Lesnar tested positive for clomiphene , a banned substance on the UFC 's anti-doping policy , he was suspended from competing in the UFC by the Nevada State Athletic Commission for one year , fined $ 250,000 and his victory over Hunt was overturned to a no-contest . Lesnar then retired from MMA for a second time in 2017 .   Lesnar is a five-time world champion in WWE , a one-time heavyweight champion in the UFC , a one-time heavyweight champion in NJPW , and a one-time heavyweight wrestling champion in the NCAA , the only person in history to win a championship in each of those organizations . He has headlined numerous pay-per-view events for both the WWE and UFC , including WrestleMania XIX , WrestleMania 31 , UFC 100 and UFC 116 . In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as `` the most accomplished athlete in professional wrestling history '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Khmer Empire was not weak.", "evidence": "The Khmer Empire , officially the Angkor Empire , the predecessor state to modern Cambodia -LRB- `` Kampuchea '' or `` Srok Khmer '' to the Khmer people -RRB- , was a powerful Hindu-Buddhist empire in Southeast Asia . The empire , which grew out of the former kingdoms of Funan and Chenla , at times ruled over and/or vassalised most of mainland Southeast Asia .   Its greatest legacy is Angkor , in present-day Cambodia , which was the site of the capital city during the empire 's zenith . The majestic monuments of Angkor -- such as Angkor Wat and Bayon -- bear testimony to the Khmer Empire 's immense power and wealth , impressive art and culture , architectural technique and aesthetics achievements , as well as the variety of belief systems that it patronised over time . Satellite imaging has revealed that Angkor , during its peak in the 11th to 13th centuries , was the largest pre-industrial urban centre in the world .   The beginning of the era of the Khmer Empire is conventionally dated to 802 CE . In this year , King Jayavarman II had himself declared chakravartin -LRB- `` king of the world '' , or `` king of kings '' -RRB- on Phnom Kulen . The empire ended with the fall of Angkor in the 15th century .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "On the Road (film) premiered at a film festival.", "evidence": "On the Road -LRB- Sur la route -RRB- is a 2012 adventure drama film directed by Walter Salles . It is an adaptation of Jack Kerouac 's 1957 novel of the same name and stars an ensemble cast featuring Garrett Hedlund , Sam Riley , Kristen Stewart , Alice Braga , Amy Adams , Tom Sturridge , Danny Morgan , Elisabeth Moss , Kirsten Dunst , and Viggo Mortensen . The executive producer was Francis Ford Coppola . Filming began on August 4 , 2010 , in Montreal , Quebec , with a $ 25 million budget . The story is based on the years Kerouac spent travelling the United States in the late 1940s with his friend Neal Cassady and several other Beat Generation figures who would go on to fame in their own right , including William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg . On May 23 , 2012 , the film premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival . The film received mixed early reviews after it premiered at the film festival . The film also premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival in September .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paramore's co-founders left the band in March 2010.", "evidence": "Paramore is the self-titled fourth studio album by American rock band Paramore . It was released on April 5 , 2013 , through Fueled by Ramen as a follow-up to Brand New Eyes -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . It is their first full-length album released after the departure of co-founders Josh and Zac Farro in 2010 . Recorded between April and November 1 , 2012 , the album was described by the band as being a `` statement '' and a reintroduction of the band to the world and to themselves . It is the only album without Zac Farro on drums , and the final album recorded with bassist Jeremy Davis before he left the band in 2015 .   The album was produced by Justin Meldal-Johnsen , with lead guitarist Taylor York co-producing on four tracks . In contrast to band 's previous work , the production of Paramore contains the band 's experimentation with new musical genres , such as new wave and funk rock , and features three acoustic interludes . Paramore received acclaim from music critics , who praised the band 's maturity and experimentation in terms of musicianship as well as Williams ' vocals and overall presence on the album . Several publications included the album in their year-end lists , including The A.V. Club and The Guardian .   Paramore was a commercial success , debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 106,000 copies . The album also topped the charts in Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Ireland , and New Zealand , where it became their first album to reach the summit . It also became their second chart topper in the United Kingdom . In March 2016 , Paramore was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- , for sales exceeding 1,000,000 . The group followed the record release with The Self-Titled Tour in promotion , with European , North American , Asian , Latin American , and Oceania legs announced . In 2014 , Fall Out Boy and Paramore co-headlined Monumentour . A deluxe edition of the album was released on November 24 , 2014 .   Four singles were released from the album : `` Now '' , `` Still Into You '' , `` Daydreaming '' , and the Grammy-winning song `` Ai n't It Fun '' . `` Still Into You '' and `` Ai n't It Fun '' have reached top ten positions on various charts in the United States and have been certified double platinum by the RIAA , making Paramore the first of the band 's albums to have produced more than one double platinum single .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Peter Davison has been in a BBC show.", "evidence": "Peter Davison -LRB- born Peter Malcolm Gordon Moffett on 13 April 1951 -RRB- is an English actor with many credits in television dramas and sitcoms . He became famous as Tristan Farnon in the BBC 's television adaptation of James Herriot 's All Creatures Great and Small stories . His subsequent starring roles included the sitcoms Holding the Fort and Sink or Swim , the fifth incarnation of the Doctor in Doctor Who , Dr. Stephen Daker in A Very Peculiar Practice and Albert Campion in Campion . He later played David Braithwaite in At Home with the Braithwaites , `` Dangerous '' Davies in The Last Detective and Henry Sharpe in Law & Order : UK .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "21 Jump Street was released June 16, 2012.", "evidence": "21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , written by Michael Bacall starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum . An adaptation of the 1987-1991 television series of the same name by Stephen J. Cannell and Patrick Hasburgh , set within the same continuity as the TV series ; the film follows two police officers who are forced to relive high school when they are assigned to go undercover as high school students to prevent the outbreak of a new synthetic drug and arrest its supplier .   It was released theatrically on March 16 , 2012 , by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and grossed $ 201 million . A sequel , titled 22 Jump Street , was released on June 13 , 2014 . Two further films , MIB 23 -LRB- a crossover with the Men in Black franchise -RRB- and a female-led spin-off , are currently in development .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The collections of the Philadelphia Museum of Art contain over 240,000 objects.", "evidence": "The Philadelphia Museum of Art is an art museum originally chartered in 1876 for the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia . The main museum building was completed in 1928 on Fairmount , a hill located at the northwest end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway at Eakins Oval . The museum administers collections containing over 240,000 objects including major holdings of European , American and Asian origin . The various classes of artwork include sculpture , paintings , prints , drawings , photographs , armor and decorative arts . The attendance figure for the museum was 751,797 in 2015 , an increase of 17 % from the prior year , ranking it among the top one hundred most-visited art museums in the world . The museum is also one of the largest art museums in the world based on gallery space .   The Philadelphia Museum of Art administers several annexes including the Rodin Museum , also located on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway , and the Ruth and Raymond G. Perelman Building , which is located across the street just north of the main building . The Perelman Building , which opened in 2007 , houses more than 150,000 prints , drawings and photographs , along with 30,000 costume and textile pieces , and over 1,000 modern and contemporary design objects including furniture , ceramics and glasswork . The museum also administers the historic colonial-era houses of Mount Pleasant and Cedar Grove , both located in Fairmount Park . The main museum building and its annexes are owned by the City of Philadelphia and administered by a registered nonprofit corporation .   , the standard adult admission price is $ 20 which allows entrance to the main building and all annexes for two consecutive days . The museum is closed on Mondays except on some holidays . A special `` Pay What You Wish '' program is in effect on the first Sunday of each month from 10:00 a.m. -- 5:00 p.m. and every Wednesday evening from 5:00 -- 8:45 p.m. when visitors are requested to '' ... support us with whatever amount you wish . '' Several special exhibitions are held in the museum every year , including touring exhibitions arranged with other museums in the United States and abroad . Special exhibitions may have an extra charge for entrance .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dustin Hoffman is an award-winning actor.", "evidence": "Dustin Lee Hoffman -LRB- born August 8 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor and a director , with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1960 . Hoffman has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters . He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1980 for Kramer vs. Kramer , and in 1989 for Rain Man .   Widely considered one of the finest actors in history , Hoffman first drew critical praise for starring in the play , Eh ? , for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award . This achievement was soon followed by his breakthrough 1967 film role as Benjamin Braddock , the title character in The Graduate . Since that time , Hoffman 's career has largely been focused on the cinema , with sporadic returns to television and to the stage . Hoffman 's notable films include : Midnight Cowboy , Little Big Man , Straw Dogs , Papillon , Lenny , Marathon Man , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , Hook , and Wag the Dog . He made his directorial debut in 2012 , with Quartet .   Along with 2 Academy Award wins , Hoffman has been nominated for 5 additional Academy Awards , and he was nominated for 13 Golden Globes , winning 6 -LRB- including an honorary award -RRB- . He has won 4 BAFTAs , 3 Drama Desk Awards , 2 Emmy Awards , and a Genie Award . Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999 , and the Kennedy Center Honors Award in 2012 .  Dustin Lee Hoffman -LRB- born August 8 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor and a director , with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1960 . Hoffman has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters . He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1980 for Kramer vs. Kramer , and in 1989 for Rain Man .   Widely considered one of the finest actors in history , Hoffman first drew critical praise for starring in the play , Eh ? , for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award . This achievement was soon followed by his breakthrough 1967 film role as Benjamin Braddock , the title character in The Graduate . Since that time , Hoffman 's career has largely been focused on the cinema , with sporadic returns to television and to the stage . Hoffman 's notable films include : Midnight Cowboy , Little Big Man , Straw Dogs , Papillon , Lenny , Marathon Man , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , Hook , and Wag the Dog . He made his directorial debut in 2012 , with Quartet .   Along with 2 Academy Award wins , Hoffman has been nominated for 5 additional Academy Awards , and he was nominated for 13 Golden Globes , winning 6 -LRB- including an honorary award -RRB- . He has won 4 BAFTAs , 3 Drama Desk Awards , 2 Emmy Awards , and a Genie Award . Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999 , and the Kennedy Center Honors Award in 2012 .  Dustin Lee Hoffman -LRB- born August 8 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor and a director , with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1960 . Hoffman has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable characters . He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1980 for Kramer vs. Kramer , and in 1989 for Rain Man .   Widely considered one of the finest actors in history , Hoffman first drew critical praise for starring in the play , Eh ? , for which he won a Theatre World Award and a Drama Desk Award . This achievement was soon followed by his breakthrough 1967 film role as Benjamin Braddock , the title character in The Graduate . Since that time , Hoffman 's career has largely been focused on the cinema , with sporadic returns to television and to the stage . Hoffman 's notable films include : Midnight Cowboy , Little Big Man , Straw Dogs , Papillon , Lenny , Marathon Man , All the President 's Men , Kramer vs. Kramer , Tootsie , Rain Man , Hook , and Wag the Dog . He made his directorial debut in 2012 , with Quartet .   Along with 2 Academy Award wins , Hoffman has been nominated for 5 additional Academy Awards , and he was nominated for 13 Golden Globes , winning 6 -LRB- including an honorary award -RRB- . He has won 4 BAFTAs , 3 Drama Desk Awards , 2 Emmy Awards , and a Genie Award . Hoffman received the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1999 , and the Kennedy Center Honors Award in 2012 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "T. J. Miller was featured in Deadpool 2.", "evidence": "Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film directed by Tim Miller and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name . It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapi\u010di\u0107 . In the film , antihero Deadpool hunts the man who nearly destroyed his life while also trying to reunite with his lost love .   Development began in February 2004 with New Line Cinema , but moved in March 2005 to 20th Century Fox who bought the film rights . In May 2009 , after Reynolds portrayed the character in X-Men Origins : Wolverine , to the general disappointment of fans , Fox lent the film to writers , and Miller was hired for his directorial debut in April 2011 . Enthusiastic acclaim for leaked CGI test footage by Miller in July 2014 led to Fox greenlighting the film in September . Additional casting began in early 2015 , and principal photography commenced in Vancouver from March to May .   Deadpool premiered in Paris on February 8 , 2016 , and was released on February 12 in the United States in IMAX , DLP , D-Box , and premium large format . Critics praised Reynolds ' performance as well as the film 's style , faithful depiction of the titular character , and action sequences , but criticized its plot as formulaic . It received various awards and nominations , including two Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy and Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy , and a Producers Guild of America Award nomination for Best Theatrical Motion Picture . It also won two Critics ' Choice Movie Awards for Best Comedy and Best Actor in a Comedy .   The film was also a significant commercial success , grossing over $ 783million worldwide and breaking numerous box-office records , becoming the ninth highest-grossing film of 2016 , the highest-grossing R-rated film of all time when unadjusted for inflation , and the highest-grossing X-Men film . Shortly after the film 's success , Fox ordered development of a sequel scheduled to be released on June 1 , 2018 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stephon Marbury plays basketball in America.", "evidence": "Stephon Xavier Marbury -LRB- born February 20 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player who most recently played for the Beijing Ducks of the Chinese Basketball Association -LRB- CBA -RRB- . He has won three CBA championships with Beijing in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 , and is widely considered as the greatest foreign player to ever play in the Chinese Basketball Association .   The , 205 lb point guard was selected out of the Georgia Institute of Technology by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 4th overall pick in the 1996 NBA draft , but was traded shortly thereafter to the Minnesota Timberwolves .   He was an NBA All-Star in 2001 and 2003 and was voted into the All-NBA Third Team in 2000 and 2003 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "CP affects people.", "evidence": "Cerebral palsy -LRB- CP -RRB- is a group of permanent movement disorders that appear in early childhood . Signs and symptoms vary among people . Often , symptoms include poor coordination , stiff muscles , weak muscles , and tremors . There may be problems with sensation , vision , hearing , swallowing , and speaking . Often babies with cerebral palsy do not roll over , sit , crawl , or walk as early as other children of their age . Other symptoms include seizures and problems with thinking or reasoning , each of which occurs in about one third of people with CP . While the symptoms may get more noticeable over the first few years of life , the underlying problems do not worsen over time .   Cerebral palsy is caused by abnormal development or damage to the parts of the brain that control movement , balance , and posture . Most often the problems occur during pregnancy ; however , they may also occur during childbirth , or shortly after birth . Often the cause is unknown . Risk factors include preterm birth , being a twin , certain infections during pregnancy such as toxoplasmosis or rubella , exposure to methylmercury during pregnancy , a difficult delivery , and head trauma during the first few years of life , among others . About 2 % of cases are believed to be due to an inherited genetic cause . A number of sub-types are classified based on the specific problems present . For example , those with stiff muscles have spastic cerebral palsy , those with poor coordination have ataxic cerebral palsy , and those with writhing movements have athetoid cerebral palsy . Diagnosis is based on the child 's development over time . Blood tests and medical imaging may be used to rule out other possible causes .   CP is partly preventable through immunization of the mother and efforts to prevent head injuries in children such as through improved safety . There is no cure for CP ; however , supportive treatments , medications , and surgery may help many individuals . This may include physical therapy , occupational therapy , and speech therapy . Medications such as diazepam , baclofen , and botulinum toxin may help relax stiff muscles . Surgery may include lengthening muscles and cutting overly active nerves . Often external braces and other assistive technology are helpful . Some affected children can achieve near normal adult lives with appropriate treatment . While alternative medicines are frequently used there is no evidence to support their use .   CP is the most common movement disorder in children . It occurs in about 2.1 per 1,000 live births . Cerebral palsy has been documented throughout history with the first known descriptions occurring in the work of Hippocrates in the 5th century BCE . Extensive study of the condition began in the 19th century by William John Little , after whom spastic diplegia was called `` Little disease '' . William Osler first named it `` cerebral palsy '' from the German `` zerebrale Kinderl\u00e4hmung '' -LRB- cerebral child-paralysis -RRB- . A number of potential treatments are being examined , including stem cell therapy . However , more research is required to determine if it is effective and safe .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alfred Hitchcock is a person.", "evidence": "Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock -LRB- 13 August 1899 -- 29 April 1980 -RRB- was an English film director and producer , at times referred to as `` The Master of Suspense '' . He pioneered many elements of the suspense and psychological thriller genres . He had a successful career in British cinema with both silent films and early talkies and became renowned as England 's best director . Hitchcock moved to Hollywood in 1939 , and became a U.S. citizen in 1955 .   Hitchcock became a highly visible public figure through interviews , movie trailers , cameo appearances in his own films , and the ten years in which he hosted the television programme Alfred Hitchcock Presents -LRB- 1955 -- 1965 -RRB- . He also fashioned for himself a recognisable directorial style . Hitchcock 's stylistic trademarks include the use of camera movement that mimics a person 's gaze , forcing viewers to engage in a form of voyeurism . In addition , he framed shots to maximise anxiety , fear , or empathy , and used innovative forms of film editing . His work often features fugitives on the run alongside `` icy blonde '' female characters . In 1978 , film critic John Russell Taylor described Hitchcock as `` the most universally recognizable person in the world '' , and `` a straightforward middle-class Englishman who just happened to be an artistic genius '' .   Prior to 1980 , there had long been talk of Hitchcock being knighted for his contribution to film . Critic Roger Ebert wrote : `` Other British directors like Sir Carol Reed and Sir Charlie Chaplin were knighted years ago , while Hitchcock , universally considered by film students to be one of the greatest filmmakers of all time , was passed over '' . Hitchcock later received his knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II in the 1980 New Year Honours .   Hitchcock directed more than fifty feature films in a career spanning six decades and is often regarded as one of the most influential directors in cinematic history . Following a 2007 critics ' poll by Britain 's Daily Telegraph in which he was ranked Britain 's greatest filmmaker , one scholar wrote : `` Hitchcock did more than any director to shape modern cinema , which would be utterly different without him . His flair was for narrative , cruelly withholding crucial information -LRB- from his characters and from the audience -RRB- and engaging the emotions of the audience like no one else . '' Hitchcock 's first thriller , The Lodger : A Story of the London Fog -LRB- 1926 -RRB- , helped shape the thriller genre in film . His 1929 film , Blackmail , is often cited as the first British sound feature film , while Rear Window -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , Vertigo -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , North by Northwest -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and Psycho -LRB- 1960 -RRB- are regularly ranked among the greatest films of all time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Julius Caesar is only a book.", "evidence": "Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman . The original music score is by Mikl\u00f3s R\u00f3zsa . The film stars Marlon Brando as Mark Antony , James Mason as Brutus , John Gielgud as Cassius , Louis Calhern as Julius Caesar , Edmond O'Brien as Casca , Greer Garson as Calpurnia , and Deborah Kerr as Portia .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Pulp Fiction is directed by a male.", "evidence": "Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy neo-noir crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino , from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary . Directed in a highly stylized manner , Pulp Fiction connects the intersecting storylines of Los Angeles mobsters , fringe players , small-time criminals , and a mysterious briefcase . The film 's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century , known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue .   The screenplay of Pulp Fiction was written in 1992 and 1993 , and incorporated some scenes originally written by Avary for True Romance . Its plot , as in many of Tarantino 's other works , is presented out of chronological order . The film is also self-referential from its opening moments , beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of `` pulp '' . Considerable screen time is devoted to monologues and casual conversations with eclectic dialogue revealing each character 's perspectives on several subjects , and the film features an ironic combination of humor and strong violence . Its script was reportedly turned down by Columbia TriStar as `` too demented '' . Miramax co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was instantly enthralled with it , however , and the film became the first that Miramax fully financed .   Pulp Fiction won the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival , and was a major critical and commercial success upon its U.S. release . It revitalized the careers of John Travolta -LRB- who received an Academy Award nomination -RRB- , Samuel L. Jackson , and Uma Thurman . It was also nominated for seven Oscars , including Best Picture ; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay . The nature of its development , marketing , and distribution -- and its consequent profitability -- had a sweeping effect on the field of independent cinema .   Since its release , Pulp Fiction has been widely regarded as Tarantino 's masterpiece , with particular praise singled out for its screenwriting . The film 's self-reflexivity , unconventional structure , and extensive use of homage and pastiche have led critics to describe it as a touchstone of postmodern film . It is often considered a cultural watershed , with a strong influence felt not only in later movies that adopted various elements of its style , but in several other media as well . A 2008 Entertainment Weekly poll named it the best film since 1983 , and the work has appeared on many critics ' lists of the greatest films ever made . In 2013 , Pulp Fiction was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  Quentin Jerome Tarantino -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u00e6r\u0259n\u02c8ti\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born March 27 , 1963 -RRB- is an American director , writer , and actor . His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines , satirical subject matter , an aestheticization of violence , extended scenes of dialogue , ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers , references to popular culture , soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and features of neo-noir film . He is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation .   His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance . In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire . Its popularity was boosted by his second film , Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , a black comedy crime film that was a major success both among critics and audiences . Judged the greatest film from 1983 -- 2008 by Entertainment Weekly , many critics and scholars have named it one of the most significant works of modern cinema . For his next effort , Tarantino paid homage to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s with Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch .   Kill Bill , a highly stylized `` revenge flick '' in the cinematic traditions of Kung fu films , Japanese martial arts , Spaghetti Westerns and Italian horror , followed six years later , and was released as two films : Volume 1 in 2003 and Volume 2 in 2004 . Tarantino directed Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as part of a double feature with friend Robert Rodriguez , under the collective title Grindhouse . His long-postponed Inglourious Basterds , which tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany 's political leadership , was released in 2009 to positive reviews . After that came 2012 's critically acclaimed Django Unchained , a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South . It became the highest-grossing film of his career so far , making over $ 425 million at the box office . His eighth film , the mystery Western The Hateful Eight , was released in its roadshow version December 25 , 2015 , in 70 mm film format , complete with opening `` overture '' and halfway-point intermission , after the fashion of big-budget films of the 1960s and early 1970s .   Tarantino 's films have garnered both critical and commercial success . He has received many industry awards , including two Academy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , two BAFTA Awards and the Palme d'Or , and has been nominated for an Emmy and a Grammy . He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World by Time in 2005 . Filmmaker and historian Peter Bogdanovich has called him `` the single most influential director of his generation '' . In December 2015 , Tarantino received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the film industry .  Quentin Jerome Tarantino -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u00e6r\u0259n\u02c8ti\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born March 27 , 1963 -RRB- is an American director , writer , and actor . His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines , satirical subject matter , an aestheticization of violence , extended scenes of dialogue , ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers , references to popular culture , soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and features of neo-noir film . He is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation .   His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance . In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire . Its popularity was boosted by his second film , Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , a black comedy crime film that was a major success both among critics and audiences . Judged the greatest film from 1983 -- 2008 by Entertainment Weekly , many critics and scholars have named it one of the most significant works of modern cinema . For his next effort , Tarantino paid homage to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s with Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch .   Kill Bill , a highly stylized `` revenge flick '' in the cinematic traditions of Kung fu films , Japanese martial arts , Spaghetti Westerns and Italian horror , followed six years later , and was released as two films : Volume 1 in 2003 and Volume 2 in 2004 . Tarantino directed Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as part of a double feature with friend Robert Rodriguez , under the collective title Grindhouse . His long-postponed Inglourious Basterds , which tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany 's political leadership , was released in 2009 to positive reviews . After that came 2012 's critically acclaimed Django Unchained , a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South . It became the highest-grossing film of his career so far , making over $ 425 million at the box office . His eighth film , the mystery Western The Hateful Eight , was released in its roadshow version December 25 , 2015 , in 70 mm film format , complete with opening `` overture '' and halfway-point intermission , after the fashion of big-budget films of the 1960s and early 1970s .   Tarantino 's films have garnered both critical and commercial success . He has received many industry awards , including two Academy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , two BAFTA Awards and the Palme d'Or , and has been nominated for an Emmy and a Grammy . He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World by Time in 2005 . Filmmaker and historian Peter Bogdanovich has called him `` the single most influential director of his generation '' . In December 2015 , Tarantino received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the film industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Absolute Beginners was directed by Hitchcock.", "evidence": "Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London . The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles . The film was screened out of competition at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival .   Upon release , Absolute Beginners received immense coverage in the British media . At the time , the British film industry was perceived as being on the point of collapse -LRB- with the recent failure of the film Revolution -RRB- . However , the film was panned by critics and became a box office bomb . Some of the criticisms included stylistic anachronisms , such as the mini-skirt and decidedly 1980s music from the likes of The Style Council and Sade , the bowdlerisation of Kensit 's character -LRB- Crepe Suzette had been depicted as a promiscuous `` negrophile '' in the book -RRB- , and the casting of Bowie , who made it a condition of his musical contribution . Although the film was not a success , Bowie 's theme song was very popular in the UK and reached number two in the charts .   The commercial failure of Absolute Beginners and another film released about the same time , The Mission , led to the collapse of Goldcrest , a major British film studio .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "No Reservations got a mixed reception from critics.", "evidence": "No Reservations is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Scott Hicks . Starring Catherine Zeta-Jones , Aaron Eckhart and Abigail Breslin , the screenplay by Carol Fuchs is an adaptation of an original script by Sandra Nettelbeck , which served as the basis for the 2001 German film Mostly Martha , and revolves around a hard-edged chef whose life is turned upside down when she decides to take in her young niece following a tragic accident that killed her sister . Patricia Clarkson , Bob Balaban and Jenny Wade co-star , with Br\u00edan F. O'Byrne , Lily Rabe , and Zoe Kravitz -- appearing in her first feature film -- playing supporting roles .   The film received a mixed reception by critics , who found it `` predictable and too melancholy for the genre '' , resulting in a 41 % overall approval rating from Rotten Tomatoes . Upon its opening release on July 27 , 2007 in the United States and Canada , No Reservations became a moderate commercial success : The film grossed $ 12 million in its opening weekend , eventually grossing over $ 43 million at the domestic box-office and over $ 92 million worldwide . Breslin was nominated for a Young Artist Award for her performance .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Claire Danes is wedded to an actor from England.", "evidence": "Claire Catherine Danes -LRB- born April 12 , 1979 -RRB- is an American actress . She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards . In 2012 , Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world , and she was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2015 .   Danes gained recognition with her role as Angela Chase in the acclaimed 1994 teen drama series My So-Called Life . The role won her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress and a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series . She made her film debut the same year in Little Women -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . Her other films include Romeo + Juliet -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , The Rainmaker -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Les Mis\u00e9rables -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Brokedown Palace -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , the 1999 English dub of Princess Mononoke -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Igby Goes Down -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , The Hours -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Shopgirl -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Stardust -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .   From 1998 to 2000 , Danes attended Yale University before dropping out to return to acting . She appeared in an Off-Broadway production of The Vagina Monologues in 2000 , and made her Broadway debut playing Eliza Doolittle in the 2007 revival of Pygmalion . In 2010 , she portrayed Temple Grandin in the highly acclaimed HBO TV film Temple Grandin , which won her a second Golden Globe and her first Primetime Emmy Award for the Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie . Since 2011 , she has starred as Carrie Mathison in the Showtime drama series Homeland , for which she has won two Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series , two Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Television Series Drama , and the Television Critics Association Award for Individual Achievement in Drama . She is married to actor Hugh Dancy , with whom she has one child .  Hugh Michael Horace Dancy -LRB- born 19 June 1975 -RRB- is an English actor and model . He is best known for his roles as Will Graham in the television series Hannibal for which he was nominated for two Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series and as Prince Charmont in Ella Enchanted . In 2006 , he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for his portrayal of the Earl of Essex in the Channel 4 miniseries Elizabeth I.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dangerous Liaisons is based on Christopher Hampton's novel.", "evidence": "Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .   The film was directed by Stephen Frears . The performances of Glenn Close , John Malkovich and Michelle Pfeiffer , the cinematography of Philippe Rousselot , the costume design by James Acheson , and the screenplay by Christopher Hampton , garnered critical acclaim . Swoosie Kurtz , Mildred Natwick and Peter Capaldi appeared in supporting roles , as did the young , and then-relatively unknown , actors Keanu Reeves and Uma Thurman .   The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards , including Best Picture ; it won those for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Costume Design , and Best Art Direction .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Academy Awards are an annual event.", "evidence": "The Academy Awards , now known officially as the Oscars , is a set of twenty-four awards for artistic and technical merit in the American film industry , given annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences -LRB- AMPAS -RRB- , to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership . The various category winners are awarded a copy of a golden statuette , officially called the `` Academy Award of Merit '' , which has become commonly known by its nickname `` Oscar '' . The awards , first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , are overseen by AMPAS .   The awards ceremony was first broadcast on radio in 1930 and televised for the first time in 1953 . It is now seen live in more than 200 countries and can be streamed live online . The Academy Awards ceremony is the oldest worldwide entertainment awards ceremony . Its equivalents -- the Emmy Awards for television , the Tony Awards for theater , and the Grammy Awards for music and recording -- are modeled after the Academy Awards .   The 89th Academy Awards ceremony , honoring the best films of 2016 , were held on February 26 , 2017 , at the Dolby Theatre , in Los Angeles , California . The ceremony was hosted by Jimmy Kimmel and was broadcast on ABC . A total of 3,048 Oscars have been awarded from the inception of the award through the 88th .  The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences -LRB- AMPAS , also known as simply the Academy -RRB- is a professional honorary organization with the stated goal of advancing the arts and sciences of motion pictures . The Academy 's corporate management and general policies are overseen by a Board of Governors , which includes representatives from each of the craft branches .   The roster of the Academy 's approximately 6,000 motion picture professionals is a `` closely guarded secret '' . While the great majority of its members are based in the United States , membership is open to qualified filmmakers around the world .   The Academy is known around the world for its annual Academy Awards , now officially known as The `` Oscars '' .   In addition , the Academy holds the Governors Awards annually for lifetime achievement in film ; presents Scientific and Technical Awards annually ; gives Student Academy Awards annually to filmmakers at the undergraduate and graduate level ; awards up to five Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting annually ; and operates the Margaret Herrick Library -LRB- at the Fairbanks Center for Motion Picture Study -RRB- in Beverly Hills , California , and the Pickford Center for Motion Picture Study in Hollywood , Los Angeles . The Academy plans to open the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures in Los Angeles in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hubert Humphrey became the DFL candidate for mayor of a city.", "evidence": "Hubert Horatio Humphrey Jr. -LRB- May 27 , 1911January 13 , 1978 -RRB- was an American politician who served as the 38th Vice President of the United States under President Lyndon B. Johnson from 1965 to 1969 . Humphrey twice served in the United States Senate , representing Minnesota from 1949 to 1964 and 1971 to 1978 . He was the nominee of the Democratic Party in the 1968 presidential election , losing to the Republican nominee Richard M. Nixon .   Born in Wallace , South Dakota in 1911 , Humphrey attended the University of Minnesota before earning his pharmacist license from the Capitol College of Pharmacy in 1931 . He helped run his father 's pharmacy until 1937 when he returned to academia , graduating with a master 's degree from Louisiana State University in 1940 , where he was a political science instructor . He returned to Minnesota during World War II and became a supervisor for the Works Progress Administration . He was then appointed state director of the Minnesota war service program before becoming the assistant director of the War Manpower Commission . In 1943 , Humphrey became a professor of Political Science at Macalester College and ran a failed campaign for mayor of Minneapolis . Humphrey helped found the Minnesota Democratic -- Farmer -- Labor Party -LRB- DFL -RRB- in 1944 , and in 1945 , became the DFL candidate for mayor of Minneapolis for a second time , winning with 61 % of the vote . Humphrey served as mayor from 1945 to 1948 , he was reelected and became the co-founder of the liberal anti-communist group Americans for Democratic Action in 1947 .   Humphrey was elected to the Senate in 1948 , the year his proposal of ending racial segregation was included in the party platform at the Democratic National Convention , where he gave one of his most notable speeches on the convention floor , suggesting the Democratic Party `` walk into the sunshine of human rights . '' He served three terms in the Senate from 1949 to 1964 and was the Democratic Majority Whip from 1961 to 1964 . During his tenure , Humphrey was the lead author of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , introduced the first initiative to create the Peace Corps , sponsored the clause of the McCarran Act to threaten concentration camps for ` subversives ' , proposed making Communist Party membership a felony and chaired the Select Committee on Disarmament .   Humphrey ran for two failed Presidential campaigns in the 1952 and 1960 Democratic primaries . After Lyndon B. Johnson inherited the presidency after John F. Kennedy 's assassination in November 1963 , he chose Humphrey to be his running mate in 1964 against Republican Barry Goldwater and the Democratic ticket was elected in a landslide in 1964 .   After Johnson made the surprise announcement that he would not seek reelection in March 1968 , Humphrey launched his campaign for the presidency the following month . Humphrey 's main Democratic challengers were anti-Vietnam War Senators Eugene McCarthy and Robert F. Kennedy . Humphrey , who was loyal to the Johnson administration 's policies on the Vietnam War as Vice President , saw opposition from many within his own party and avoided the primaries to focus on receiving the delegates of non-primary states at the Democratic Convention . Humphrey 's delegate strategy succeeded in clinching the nomination , choosing Senator Edmund Muskie as his running mate . With the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. and the assassination of Robert Kennedy that year , and heightened opposition to the Vietnam War , the convention saw major protests which later proved costly to Humphrey 's campaign . On November 5 , 1968 , Humphrey lost to former Vice President Richard Nixon in the general election .   Humphrey then returned to teaching in Minnesota before returning to the Senate in 1971 . He became the first Deputy President pro tempore of the United States Senate and served until his death in 1978 . Humphrey died of bladder cancer at his home in Waverly , Minnesota , and is buried at the Lakewood Cemetery in Minneapolis . He was succeeded by his wife of 41 years Muriel Humphrey as interim Senator for Minnesota .  Minneapolis -LRB- -LSB- m\u026ani\u02c8\u00e6p\u0259l\u026as -RSB- -RRB- is the county seat of Hennepin County , and the larger of the Twin Cities , the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States . As of 2015 , Minneapolis is the largest city in the state of Minnesota and 46th-largest in the United States with a population of 410,939 . Minneapolis and Saint Paul anchor the second-largest economic center in the Midwest , after Chicago .   Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River , just north of the river 's confluence with the Minnesota River , and adjoins Saint Paul , the state 's capital . The city is abundantly rich in water , with thirteen lakes , wetlands , the Mississippi River , creeks and waterfalls , many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway . It was once the world 's flour milling capital and a hub for timber . The city and surrounding region is the primary business center between Chicago and Seattle , with Minneapolis proper containing America 's fifth-highest concentration of Fortune 500 companies . As an integral link to the global economy , Minneapolis is categorized as a global city . Noted for its strong music and performing arts scenes , Minneapolis is home to both the award-winning Guthrie Theater and the historic First Avenue nightclub . Reflecting the region 's status as an epicenter of folk , funk , and alternative rock music , the city served as the launching pad for several of the 20th century 's most influential musicians , including Bob Dylan and Prince .   The name Minneapolis is attributed to Charles Hoag , the city 's first schoolteacher , who combined mni , a Dakota Sioux word for water , and polis , the Greek word for city .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alex Rodriguez has 666 home runs.", "evidence": "Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 -RRB- , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman . He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees . Rodriguez was one of the sport 's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time . During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in -LRB- RBI -RRB- , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits . He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League -LRB- AL -RRB- Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Awards , ten Silver Slugger Awards , and two Gold Glove Awards . Rodr\u00edguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25 . However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .   The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft , and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18 . In 1996 , he became the Mariners ' starting shortstop and finished second in voting for the AL MVP Award . Rodriguez 's combination of power , speed , and defense made him a cornerstone of the franchise , but he left the team via free agency after the 2000 season to join the Rangers . The 10-year , $ 252 million contract he signed was the richest in baseball history . He played at a high level in his three years with Texas , highlighted by his first AL MVP Award win in 2003 , but the team failed to make the playoffs during his tenure . Prior to the 2004 season , Rodriguez was traded to the Yankees , for whom he converted to a third baseman due to incumbent shortstop Derek Jeter . In his first four seasons with New York , he was twice more named AL MVP . After opting out of his contract following the 2007 season , Rodriguez signed a new 10-year , $ 275 million deal with the Yankees , extending his record for the sport 's most lucrative contract . He became the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , reaching the milestone in 2007 . He won his first World Series in 2009 , which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium . The following year , he became the career leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent . In recent years , Rodriguez has been hampered by hip and knee injuries , which have caused him to exclusively become a designated hitter . He played his final game as a Yankee on August 12 , 2016 .   In February 2009 , after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs , including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes , Rodriguez admitted to using steroids , saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for Rangers due to `` an enormous amount of pressure '' to perform . While recovering from a hip injury in 2013 , Rodriguez made headlines by feuding with team management over his rehabilitation and for having allegedly obtained performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis baseball scandal . In August 2013 , MLB suspended him 211 games for his involvement in the scandal , but he was allowed to play while appealing the punishment . Had the original suspension been upheld , it would have been the longest non-lifetime suspension in Major League Baseball history . After an arbitration hearing , the suspension was reduced to 162 games , keeping him off the field for the entire 2014 season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Friendship has been studied in academic fields.", "evidence": "Friendship is a relationship of mutual affection between people . Friendship is a stronger form of interpersonal bond than an association . Friendship has been studied in academic fields such as communication , sociology , social psychology , anthropology , and philosophy . Various academic theories of friendship have been proposed , including social exchange theory , equity theory , relational dialectics , and attachment styles . A World Happiness Database study found that people with close friendships are happier .   Although there are many forms of friendship , some of which may vary from place to place , certain characteristics are present in many types of bond . Such characteristics include affection ; sympathy ; empathy ; honesty ; altruism ; mutual understanding and compassion ; enjoyment of each other 's company ; trust ; and the ability to be oneself , express one 's feelings , and make mistakes without fear of judgment from the friend .   While there is no practical limit on what types of people can form a friendship , friends tend to share common backgrounds , occupations , or interests and have similar demographics .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Judd Apatow is a person who writes.", "evidence": "Judd Apatow -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u00e6p\u0259ta\u028a -RSB- born December 6 , 1967 -RRB- is an American film producer , writer , director , actor , and comedian . He is the founder of Apatow Productions , through which he produced and developed the television series Freaks and Geeks , Undeclared , Girls , Love , Crashing and directed the films The 40-Year-Old Virgin -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Knocked Up -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Funny People -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , This Is 40 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Trainwreck -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .   Apatow 's work has won numerous awards including a Primetime Emmy Award -LRB- for The Ben Stiller Show -RRB- , a Hollywood Comedy Award , and an AFI Award for Bridesmaids -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . His films have also been nominated for Grammy Awards , PGA Awards , Golden Globe Awards , and Academy Awards .   Also known for producing hit films such as The Cable Guy -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Superbad -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Forgetting Sarah Marshall -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Step Brothers -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Pineapple Express -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Get Him to the Greek -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Bridesmaids -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , The Five-Year Engagement -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Massachusetts is far away from Rhode Island.", "evidence": "Massachusetts -LSB- m\u00e6s\u0259\u02c8t\u0283u\u02d0s\u1d7bts -RSB- or -LSB- \u02ccm\u00e6s\u0259\u02c8t\u0283u\u02d0z\u1d7bts -RSB- ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east , the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south , New Hampshire and Vermont to the north , and New York to the west . The state is named for the Massachusett tribe , which once inhabited the area . The capital of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England is Boston . Over 80 % of Massachusetts ' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan area , a region influential upon American history , academia , and industry . Originally dependent on agriculture , fishing and trade , Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution . During the 20th century , Massachusetts ' economy shifted from manufacturing to services . Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade .   Plymouth was the site of the first colony in New England , founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower . In 1692 , the town of Salem and surrounding areas experienced one of America 's most infamous cases of mass hysteria , the Salem witch trials . In 1777 , General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory , which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances , including interchangeable parts . In 1786 , Shays ' Rebellion , a populist revolt led by disaffected American Revolutionary War veterans , influenced the United States Constitutional Convention . In the 18th century , the Protestant First Great Awakening , which swept the Atlantic World , originated from the pulpit of Northampton preacher Jonathan Edwards . In the late 18th century , Boston became known as the `` Cradle of Liberty '' for the agitation there that led to the American Revolution .   The entire Commonwealth of Massachusetts has played a powerful commercial and cultural role in the history of the United States . Before the American Civil War , Massachusetts was a center for the abolitionist , temperance , and transcendentalist movements . In the late 19th century , the sports of basketball and volleyball were invented in the western Massachusetts cities of Springfield and Holyoke , respectively . In 2004 , Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legally recognize same-sex marriage as a result of the decision in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court . Many prominent American political dynasties have hailed from the state , including the Adams and Kennedy families . Harvard University in Cambridge is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States , with the largest financial endowment of any university , and Harvard Law School has educated a contemporaneous majority of Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States . Kendall Square in Cambridge has been called `` the most innovative square mile on the planet '' , in reference to the high concentration of entrepreneurial start-ups and quality of innovation which have emerged in the vicinity of the square since 2010 . Both Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , also in Cambridge , have been ranked among the most highly regarded academic institutions in the world . Massachusetts ' public school students place among the top nations in the world in academic performance .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Giancarlo Stanton was in the 2017 MLB draft.", "evidence": "Giancarlo Cruz Michael Stanton -LRB- born November 8 , 1989 -RRB- is an American professional baseball left fielder and right fielder for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- . Prior to 2012 , he was known as Mike Stanton .   Stanton graduated from Notre Dame High School , before he was selected by the Marlins in the 2007 MLB draft . Stanton made his MLB debut with the Marlins in June 2010 . He is a three-time MLB All-Star and was the Hank Aaron Award winner for the National League in 2014 after leading the league in home runs . In November 2014 , the Marlins signed Stanton to the richest contract in sports history , worth $ 325 million over 13 years .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Chris Pine appeared in Wonder Woman (2017 film).", "evidence": "Christopher Whitelaw Pine -LRB- born August 26 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actor . He is known for his role as James T. Kirk in Star Trek -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Star Trek Into Darkness -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and Star Trek Beyond -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . He also appeared in the films The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Just My Luck -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Smokin ' Aces -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bottle Shock -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Unstoppable -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , This Means War -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Rise of the Guardians -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Horrible Bosses 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Into the Woods -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Z for Zachariah -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , The Finest Hours -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , Hell or High Water -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and Wonder Woman -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Trevor Noah hosts a news satire show.", "evidence": "Trevor Noah -LRB- born 20 February 1984 -RRB- is a South African television and radio host , and comedian , known for his role as host of The Daily Show on American network Comedy Central since September 2015 .   Noah began his career as an actor , presenter , and comedian in South Africa . He held several television hosting roles with the South African Broadcasting Corporation , and was the runner-up in their fourth season of Strictly Come Dancing in 2008 . From 2010 -- 2011 , Noah was the creator and host of Tonight with Trevor Noah on M-Net and DStv . His stand-up comedy career attained international success , leading to appearances on American late-night talk shows and British panel shows .   In December 2014 , Noah became the Senior International Correspondent for The Daily Show , an American satirical news program . The next year , he was announced as the successor of long-time host Jon Stewart , and has served as host of The Daily Show since 28 September 2015 . Although ratings for the show declined following Stewart 's departure , Noah 's tenure has been generally favourably reviewed , attracting particular attention for his interview with young conservative personality Tomi Lahren in late 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lucas starred an actor that died on March 10.", "evidence": "Lucas  is a 1986 American teen tragicomedy film directed by David Seltzer and starring Corey Haim , Kerri Green , Charlie Sheen and Courtney Thorne-Smith . The film was Winona Ryder 's screen debut .  Corey Ian Haim -LRB- December 23 , 1971 -- March 10 , 2010 -RRB- was a Canadian actor , known for a 1980s Hollywood career as a teen idol . He starred in a number of films , such as Lucas , Silver Bullet , Murphy 's Romance , License to Drive , Dream a Little Dream , and Snowboard Academy . His best-known role was alongside Corey Feldman in The Lost Boys , which made Haim a household name .   Known as The Two Coreys , the duo became 1980s icons and appeared together in seven movies , later starring in the A&E American reality show The Two Coreys .   Haim 's early success led to money and fame . He had difficulties breaking away from his experience as a teen actor , and was troubled by drug addiction throughout his later career . He died of pneumonia on March 10 , 2010 .  Corey Ian Haim -LRB- December 23 , 1971 -- March 10 , 2010 -RRB- was a Canadian actor , known for a 1980s Hollywood career as a teen idol . He starred in a number of films , such as Lucas , Silver Bullet , Murphy 's Romance , License to Drive , Dream a Little Dream , and Snowboard Academy . His best-known role was alongside Corey Feldman in The Lost Boys , which made Haim a household name .   Known as The Two Coreys , the duo became 1980s icons and appeared together in seven movies , later starring in the A&E American reality show The Two Coreys .   Haim 's early success led to money and fame . He had difficulties breaking away from his experience as a teen actor , and was troubled by drug addiction throughout his later career . He died of pneumonia on March 10 , 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ryan Phillippe refused to perform in the soap opera One Life to Live.", "evidence": "Matthew Ryan Phillippe -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8f\u026al\u1d7bpi -RSB- born September 10 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and writer . After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 . In the 2000s , he appeared in several films , including Gosford Park -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Crash -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and war drama Flags of Our Fathers -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Breach -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and Stop-Loss -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . In 2010 , Phillippe starred as Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer Greg Marinovich in The Bang-Bang Club . Currently , he stars in the lead role of Bob Lee Swagger in the USA Network thriller drama Shooter .   He was married to actress Reese Witherspoon from 1999 to 2007 ; together , they have a daughter and a son . He also has a daughter from a relationship with actress Alexis Knapp .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sean Connery never won an Academy Award.", "evidence": "Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0283\u0254\u02d0n_\u02c8k\u0252n\u0259ri -RSB- born 25 August 1930 -RRB- is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards -LRB- one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award -RRB- and three Golden Globes -LRB- including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award -RRB- . He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .   Connery was the first actor to portray the character James Bond in film , starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983 . In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables . His film career also includes such films as Marnie , The Name of the Rose , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , The Hunt for Red October , Finding Forrester , Highlander , Murder on the Orient Express , Dragonheart , and The Rock .   Connery has been polled as `` The Greatest Living Scot '' and `` Scotland 's Greatest Living National Treasure '' . In 1989 , he was proclaimed `` Sexiest Man Alive '' by People magazine , and in 1999 , at age 69 , he was voted `` Sexiest Man of the Century '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Venom has since become less of an antihero.", "evidence": "Venom , or the Venom Symbiote , is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , commonly in association with Spider-Man . Venom made his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man # 300 -LRB- May 1988 -RRB- . Venom was originally conceived as a supervillain , but has since become more of an antihero . Venom is a Symbiote , a sentient alien , with a gooey , almost liquid-like form . As with real-world symbiotes , it requires a host , usually human , to bond with for its survival . After bonding , the Symbiote endows its enhanced powers upon the host . When the Venom Symbiote bonds with a human , that new dual-life form refers to itself as `` Venom '' .   The Venom Symbiote 's first known host was Spider-Man , who eventually separated himself from the creature when he discovered its true nature . The Symbiote went on to merge with other hosts , most notably Eddie Brock , its second and most infamous host , with whom it first became Venom and one of Spider-Man 's archenemies . According to S.H.I.E.L.D. , it is considered one of the greatest threats to humanity , alongside Magneto , Doctor Doom , and Red Skull .   Comics journalist and historian Mike Conroy writes of the character : `` What started out as a replacement costume for Spider-Man turned into one of the Marvel web-slinger 's greatest nightmares . '' Venom was ranked as the 22nd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time in IGN 's list of the top 100 comic villains . IGN also ranked Mac Gargan 's incarnation of Venom as # 17 in their list of `` The Top 50 Avengers '' , while the Flash Thompson incarnation was ranked as # 27 . The character was listed as # 33 on Empire Magazines 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Overwatch is a video game in which players gain cosmetic awards and it assigns players into two teams of six, each player with a style of play known as Offense, Defense, Tank, and Support.", "evidence": "Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .  Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lily James has been on TV.", "evidence": "Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson -LRB- born 5 April 1989 -RRB- , known as Lily James , is an English actress . She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .   James began her professional acting career as Ethel Brown in the 2010 BBC production Just William . In 2011 and 2012 , she earned warm reviews in several London theatre productions . She began to appear in Hollywood films in 2012 , with roles in Wrath of the Titans and Fast Girls , and was seen in further television roles , including that of Countess Natasha Rostova in the 2016 BBC historical drama series War & Peace .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jing Tian date of birth is in July.", "evidence": "Jing Tian -LRB- born July 21 , 1988 -RRB- is a Chinese actress . She graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Film Academy . She is known for her roles in The Warring States , Special ID , and Police Story 2013 . She is part of the cast for three Legendary Pictures films , 2016 's The Great Wall , 2017 's Kong : Skull Island , and the upcoming Pacific Rim : Uprising .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Aniston's parents are Fred and Wilma Flintstone.", "evidence": "Jennifer Joanna Aniston -LRB- born February 11 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman . She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow . Aniston gained worldwide recognition for portraying Rachel Green on the popular television sitcom Friends -LRB- 1994 -- 2004 -RRB- , a role which earned her a Primetime Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , and a Screen Actors Guild Award . The character was widely popular during the airing of the series and was later recognized as one of the 100 greatest female characters in United States television .   Aniston has played the female protagonist in a number of comedies and romantic comedies . Her box office hits include Bruce Almighty -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Break-Up -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Marley & Me -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Just Go with It -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Horrible Bosses -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and We 're the Millers -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , each of which have grossed over 200 million in worldwide receipts . Her most critically acclaimed roles included the role of Olivia in Friends with Money -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , The Good Girl -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead , and the drama Cake -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , for which she received nominations for the Golden Globe Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress . Her other films include Along Came Polly -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and He 's Just Not That Into You -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . In 2008 , she co-founded the production company Echo Films .   In 2012 , Aniston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood , and as of 2014 , her net worth is estimated to be 150 million . She has also been included in magazines ' lists of the world 's most beautiful women . People magazine named Aniston `` The Most Beautiful Woman '' in 2004 and 2016 , and Men 's Health magazine voted her the `` Sexiest Woman of All Time '' in 2011 . Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Peloponnesian War was won by Sparta.", "evidence": "Sparta -LRB- Doric Greek : \u03a3\u03c0\u03ac\u03c1\u03c4\u03b1 , Sp\u00e1rt\u0101 Attic Greek : \u03a3\u03c0\u03ac\u03c1\u03c4\u03b7 , Sp\u00e1rt\u0113 -RRB- was a prominent city-state in ancient Greece . In antiquity the city-state was known as Lacedaemon -LRB- \u039b\u03b1\u03ba\u03b5\u03b4\u03b1\u03af\u03bc\u03c9\u03bd , Lakeda\u00edm\u014dn -RRB- , while the name Sparta referred to its main settlement on the banks of the Eurotas River in Laconia , in south-eastern Peloponnese . Around 650 BC , it rose to become the dominant military land-power in ancient Greece .   Given its military pre-eminence , Sparta was recognized as the overall leader of the combined Greek forces during the Greco-Persian Wars . Between 431 and 404 BC , Sparta was the principal enemy of Athens during the Peloponnesian War , from which it emerged victorious , though at a great cost of lives lost . Sparta 's defeat by Thebes in the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC ended Sparta 's prominent role in Greece . However , it maintained its political independence until the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC . It then underwent a long period of decline , especially in the Middle Ages , when many Spartans moved to live in Mystras . Modern Sparta is the capital of the Greek regional unit of Laconia and a center for the processing of goods such as citrus and olives .   Sparta was unique in ancient Greece for its social system and constitution , which completely focused on military training and excellence . Its inhabitants were classified as Spartiates -LRB- Spartan citizens , who enjoyed full rights -RRB- , mothakes -LRB- non-Spartan free men raised as Spartans -RRB- , perioikoi -LRB- freedmen -RRB- , and helots -LRB- state-owned serfs , enslaved non-Spartan local population -RRB- . Spartiates underwent the rigorous agoge training and education regimen , and Spartan phalanges were widely considered to be among the best in battle . Spartan women enjoyed considerably more rights and equality to men than elsewhere in the classical world .   Sparta was the subject of fascination in its own day , as well as in the West following the revival of classical learning . This love or admiration of Sparta is known as Laconism or Laconophilia .  At its peak around 500 BC the size of the city would have been some 20,000 -- 35,000 free residents , plus numerous helots and perioikoi -LRB- `` dwellers around '' -RRB- . At 40,000 -- 50,000 it was one of the largest Greek cities ; however , according to Thucydides , the population of Athens in 431 BC was 360,000 -- 610,000 , making it unlikely that Athens was smaller than Sparta in 5th century BC . The French classicist Fran\u00e7ois Ollier in his 1933 book Le mirage spartiate -LRB- `` The Spartan Mirage '' -RRB- warned that a major scholarly problem regarding Sparta is that all the surviving accounts of Sparta were written by non-Spartans who often presented an excessively idealized image of Sparta . Ollier 's theory of the `` Spartan mirage '' has been widely accepted by scholars .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Isis had a temple at Behbeit El Hagar.", "evidence": "Isis -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8a\u026as\u026as -RSB- \u1f3e\u03c3\u03b9\u03c2 -LSB- \u00ee\u02d0.sis -RSB- ; original Egyptian pronunciation more likely `` Aset '' or `` Iset '' -RRB- is a goddess from the polytheistic pantheon of Egypt . She was first worshiped in ancient Egyptian religion , and later her worship spread throughout the Roman Empire and the greater Greco-Roman world . Isis is still widely worshiped by many pagans today in diverse religious contexts ; including a number of distinct pagan religions , the modern Goddess movement , and interfaith organizations such as the Fellowship of Isis .   Isis was worshipped as the ideal mother and wife as well as the patroness of nature and magic . She was the friend of slaves , sinners , artisans and the downtrodden , but she also listened to the prayers of the wealthy , maidens , aristocrats and rulers . Isis is often depicted as the mother of Horus , the falcon-headed deity associated with king and kingship -LRB- although in some traditions Horus 's mother was Hathor -RRB- . Isis is also known as protector of the dead and goddess of children .   The name Isis means `` Throne '' . Her headdress is a throne . As the personification of the throne , she was an important representation of the pharaoh 's power . The pharaoh was depicted as her child , who sat on the throne she provided . Her cult was popular throughout Egypt , but her most important temples were at Behbeit El Hagar in the Nile delta , and , beginning in the reign with Nectanebo I -LRB- 380 -- 362 BCE -RRB- , on the island of Philae in Upper Egypt .   In the typical form of her myth , Isis was the first daughter of Geb , god of the Earth , and Nut , goddess of the Sky , and she was born on the fourth intercalary day . She married her brother , Osiris , and she conceived Horus with him . Isis was instrumental in the resurrection of Osiris when he was murdered by Set . Using her magical skills , she restored his body to life after having gathered the body parts that had been strewn about the earth by Set .   This myth became very important during the Greco-Roman period . For example , it was believed that the Nile River flooded every year because of the tears of sorrow which Isis wept for Osiris . Osiris 's death and rebirth was relived each year through rituals . The worship of Isis eventually spread throughout the Greco-Roman world , continuing until the suppression of paganism in the Christian era . The popular motif of Isis suckling her son Horus , however , lived on in a Christianized context as the popular image of Mary suckling her infant son Jesus from the fifth century onward .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "International Relations only includes the entertainment industry.", "evidence": "International relations -LRB- IR -RRB- or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines . In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities -LRB- polities -RRB- such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations -LRB- IGOs -RRB- , international non-governmental organizations -LRB- INs -RRB- , non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- , and multinational corporations -LRB- MNCs -RRB- , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction . International relations is an academic and a public policy field , and so can be positive and normative , because it analyzes and formulates the foreign policy of a given State .   As political activity , international relations dates from the time of the Greek historian Thucydides -LRB- c. 460 -- 395 BC -RRB- , and , in the early 20th century , became a discrete academic field -LRB- No. 5901 in the 4-digit UNESCO Nomenclature -RRB- within political science . In practice International Relations and International Affairs forms a separate academic program or field from Political Science , and the courses taught therein are highly interdisciplinary .   For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy . The scope of international relations comprehends globalization , diplomatic relations , state sovereignty , international security , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , as well as terrorism and organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism , and human rights , as well , as , more recently , comparative religion .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "John McCain works in politics.", "evidence": "John Sidney McCain III -LRB- born August 29 , 1936 -RRB- is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona . He was the Republican nominee for the 2008 U.S. presidential election .   McCain followed his father and grandfather , both four-star admirals , into the United States Navy , graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1958 . He became a naval aviator , flying ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers . During the Vietnam War , he was almost killed in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire . In October 1967 , while on a bombing mission over Hanoi , he was shot down , seriously injured , and captured by the North Vietnamese . He was a prisoner of war until 1973 . McCain experienced episodes of torture , and refused an out-of-sequence early repatriation offer . His war wounds have left him with lifelong physical limitations .   He retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona , where he entered politics . Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982 , McCain served two terms . He was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , winning re-election easily five times , most recently in 2016 . While generally adhering to conservative principles , McCain at times has had a media reputation as a `` maverick '' for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues . After being investigated and largely exonerated in a political influence scandal of the 1980s as a member of the Keating Five , he made campaign finance reform one of his signature concerns , eventually gaining passage of the McCain -- Feingold Act in 2002 . He is also known for his work in the 1990s to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam , and for his belief that the Iraq War should have been fought to a successful conclusion . McCain has chaired the Senate Commerce Committee , opposed spending that he considered to be pork barrel , and played a key role in alleviating a crisis over judicial nominations with the bi-partisan group known as the Gang of 14 .   McCain ran for the Republican nomination in 2000 but lost a heated primary season contest to George W. Bush of Texas . He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals , but was defeated by Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election , losing by a 365 -- 173 electoral college margin and by 53 -- 46 % in the popular vote . He subsequently adopted more orthodox conservative stances and attitudes and largely opposed actions of the Obama administration , especially in regard to foreign policy matters . By 2013 , however , he had become a key figure in the Senate for negotiating deals on certain issues in an otherwise partisan environment . In 2015 , McCain became chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Farrah Fawcett received an Emmy Award nomination for her role as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed.", "evidence": "Farrah Fawcett -LRB- born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actress and artist . A four-time Emmy Award nominee and six-time Golden Globe Award nominee , Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster -- which became the best selling pin-up poster in history -- and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 1976 -- 1977 -RRB- . In 1996 , she was ranked No. 26 on TV Guide `` 50 Greatest TV stars of All-Time '' .   Fawcett began her career in 1968 in commercials and guest roles on television . During the 1970s , she appeared in numerous television series , including recurring roles on Harry O -LRB- 1974 -- 1976 -RRB- , and The Six Million Dollar Man -LRB- 1974 -- 1978 -RRB- with then husband , film and television star Lee Majors . Her breakthrough role came in 1976 , when she was cast as Jill Munroe in the ABC series Charlie 's Angels , alongside Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith . The show propelled all three to stardom , but especially Fawcett -LRB- then billed as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -RRB- . After appearing in only the first season , Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes . Eventually she signed a contract requiring her to make six guest appearances in the show 's third and fourth seasons -LRB- 1978 -- 1980 -RRB- . For her role in Charlie 's Angels she received her first Golden Globe nomination .   In 1983 , Fawcett received positive reviews for her performance in the Off-Broadway play Extremities . She was subsequently cast in the 1986 film version and received a Golden Globe nomination . She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices . Her 1980s work in TV movies also earned her four additional Golden Globe nominations .   In 1997 , she gained some negative press for a rambling appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman , but also garnered strong reviews for her role in the film The Apostle with Robert Duvall . She continued in numerous TV series , including recurring roles in the sitcom Spin City -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the drama The Guardian -LRB- 2002 -- 2003 -RRB- . For the latter , she received her third Emmy nomination . Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Myra Breckinridge -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Logan 's Run -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , Sunburn -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Saturn 3 -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The Cannonball Run -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Extremities -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The Apostle -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and Dr. T & the Women -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .   Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 ; the 2009 NBC documentary Farrah 's Story chronicled her battle with the disease . She posthumously earned her fourth Emmy nomination for her work as a producer on the documentary .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Who's first single was \"My Generation\".", "evidence": "The Who are an English rock band that formed in 1964 . Their classic line-up consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey , guitarist and singer Pete Townshend , bass guitarist John Entwistle , and drummer Keith Moon . They are considered one of the most influential rock bands of the 20th century , selling over 100 million records worldwide and holding a reputation for their live shows and studio work .   The Who developed from an earlier group , the Detours , and established themselves as part of the pop art and mod movements , featuring auto-destructive art by destroying guitars and drums on stage . Their first single as the Who , `` I Ca n't Explain '' , reached the UK top ten , followed by a string of singles including `` My Generation '' , `` Substitute '' and `` Happy Jack '' . In 1967 , they performed at the Monterey Pop Festival and released the US top ten single `` I Can See for Miles '' , while touring extensively . The group 's fourth album , 1969 's rock opera Tommy , included the single `` Pinball Wizard '' and was a critical and commercial success . Live appearances at Woodstock and the Isle of Wight Festival , along with the live album Live at Leeds , cemented their reputation as a respected rock act . With their success came increased pressure on lead songwriter and visionary Townshend , and the follow-up to Tommy , Lifehouse , was abandoned . Songs from the project made up 1971 's Who 's Next , which included the hit `` Wo n't Get Fooled Again '' . The group released the album Quadrophenia in 1973 as a celebration of their mod roots , and oversaw the film adaptation of Tommy in 1975 . They continued to tour to large audiences before semi-retiring from live performances at the end of 1976 . The release of Who Are You in 1978 was overshadowed by the death of Moon shortly after .   Kenney Jones replaced Moon and the group resumed activity , releasing a film adaptation of Quadrophenia and the retrospective documentary The Kids Are Alright . After Townshend became weary of touring , the group split in 1982 . The Who occasionally re-formed for live appearances such as Live Aid in 1985 , a 25th anniversary tour in 1989 and a tour of Quadrophenia in 1996 -- 1997 . They resumed regular touring in 1999 , with drummer Zak Starkey . After Entwistle 's death in 2002 , plans for a new album were delayed . Townshend and Daltrey continued as the Who , releasing Endless Wire in 2006 , and continued to play live regularly .   The Who 's major contributions to rock music include the development of the Marshall stack , large PA systems , use of the synthesizer , Entwistle and Moon 's lead playing styles , Townshend 's feedback and power chord guitar technique , and the development of the rock opera . They are cited as an influence by hard rock , punk rock and mod bands , and their songs still receive regular exposure .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Planet of the Apes (1968 film) had a script that underwent rewrites.", "evidence": "Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner . It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison . The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Rod Serling was loosely based on the 1963 French novel La Plan\u00e8te des Singes by Pierre Boulle . Jerry Goldsmith composed the groundbreaking avant-garde score . It was the first in a series of five films made between 1968 and 1973 , all produced by Arthur P. Jacobs and released by 20th Century Fox .   The film tells the story of an astronaut crew who crash-land on a strange planet in the distant future . Although the planet appears desolate at first , the surviving crew members stumble upon a society in which apes have evolved into creatures with human-like intelligence and speech . The apes have assumed the role of the dominant species and humans are mute creatures wearing animal skins .   The script was originally written by Rod Serling , but underwent many rewrites before filming eventually began . Directors J. Lee Thompson and Blake Edwards were approached , but the film 's producer Arthur P. Jacobs , upon the recommendation of Charlton Heston , chose Franklin J. Schaffner to direct the film . Schaffner 's changes included an ape society less advanced -- and therefore less expensive to depict -- than that of the original novel . Filming took place between May 21 and August 10 , 1967 , in California , Utah and Arizona , with desert sequences shot in and around Lake Powell , Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . The film 's final `` closed '' cost was $ 5.8 million .   The film was released on February 8 , 1968 , in the United States and was a commercial success , earning a lifetime domestic gross of $ 32.6 million . The film was groundbreaking for its prosthetic makeup techniques by artist John Chambers and was well received by critics and audiences , launching a film franchise , including four sequels , as well as a short-lived television show , animated series , comic books , and various merchandising . In particular , Roddy McDowall had a long-running relationship with the Apes series , appearing in four of the original five films -LRB- absent , apart from a brief voiceover , from the second film of the series , Beneath the Planet of the Apes , in which he was replaced by David Watson in the role of Cornelius -RRB- , and also in the television series .   The original series was followed by Tim Burton 's remake Planet of the Apes in 2001 and the reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes in 2011 . Also in 2001 , Planet of the Apes was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Star vs. the Forces of Evil is a series.", "evidence": "Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation . The first episode was shown on January 18 , 2015 , on Disney Channel as a special preview , and the series officially premiered on March 30 , 2015 , on Disney XD . The show was created by Daron Nefcy , who had worked on storyboards for Wander Over Yonder and Robot and Monster . Nefcy became the second woman to create an animated series for Disney Television Animation -LRB- the first being Sue Rose , who created Pepper Ann -RRB- , and the first woman to create a Disney XD series . On February 12 , 2015 , Disney renewed the series for a second season prior to its premiere on Disney XD . The second season premiered on July 11 , 2016 . On March 4 , 2016 , it was renewed for a third season , and on February 28 , 2017 , it was officially renewed for a fourth season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Galaxy Quest is a movie that is American.", "evidence": "Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American comedy science fiction film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon . Mark Johnson and Charles Newirth produced the film for DreamWorks Pictures .   Parodying television series such as Star Trek and its fandom , the film stars Tim Allen , Sigourney Weaver , Alan Rickman , Tony Shalhoub , Sam Rockwell , and Daryl Mitchell as the cast of a defunct television series called Galaxy Quest , in which the crew of a spaceship embarked on intergalactic adventures . Enrico Colantoni stars as the leader of an alien race who ask the actors for help , believing the show 's adventures were real . The film 's supporting cast features Robin Sachs as an alien warlord and Patrick Breen as another alien . Justin Long makes his feature film debut as an obsessed fan of the television show .   The film received critical praise and reached cult status through the years , becoming popular with Star Trek fans , staff , and cast members for its affectionate parody . It won the prestigious Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , the Nebula Award for Best Script , 26th Hochi Film Award for Best International Picture and was also nominated for ten Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film , Best Director for Parisot , Best Actress for Weaver and Best Supporting Actor for Rickman , winning Best Actor for Allen . The film was included in Reader 's Digests list of The Top 100 + Funniest Movies of All Time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Friends with Benefits features actors.", "evidence": "Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck , and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in the lead roles . The film features Patricia Clarkson , Jenna Elfman , Bryan Greenberg , Nolan Gould , Richard Jenkins , and Woody Harrelson in supporting roles . The plot revolves around Dylan Harper -LRB- Timberlake -RRB- and Jamie Rellis -LRB- Kunis -RRB- , who meet in New York City , and naively believe adding sex to their friendship will not lead to complications . Over time , they begin to develop deep mutual feelings for each other , only to deny it each time they are together .   Principal casting for Friends with Benefits took place over a three-month period from April to July 2010 . Gluck reworked the original script and plot shortly after casting Timberlake and Kunis . Filming began in New York City on July 20 , 2010 , and concluded in Los Angeles in September 2010 . The film was distributed by Screen Gems and was released in North America on July 22 , 2011 . Friends with Benefits was generally well received by film critics , most of whom praised the chemistry between the lead actors . The film became a commercial success at the box office , grossing over $ 150.4 million worldwide , against a budget of $ 35 million . It was nominated for two People 's Choice Awards -- Favorite Comedy Movie , and Favorite Comedic Movie Actress -LRB- Kunis -RRB- -- and two Teen Choice Awards for Timberlake and Kunis .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Glenn Close won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play in 1984.", "evidence": "Glenn Close -LRB- born March 19 , 1947 -RRB- is an American actress , singer and film producer . With an acting career spanning over 40 years , she has been consistently acclaimed for her versatility and is widely regarded as one of the finest actresses of her generation . She has won three Emmy Awards , three Tony Awards , four Golden Globe Awards , and has received six Academy Award nominations .   Close began her professional stage career in 1974 in Love for Love , and was mostly a New York stage actress through the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s , appearing in both plays and musicals , including the Broadway productions of Barnum in 1980 and The Real Thing in 1983 , for which she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play . Her film debut was in The World According to Garp -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , which she followed up with supporting roles in The Big Chill -LRB- 1983 -RRB- and The Natural -LRB- 1984 -RRB- ; all three earned her nominations for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress . She would later receive nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performances in Fatal Attraction -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Dangerous Liaisons -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and Albert Nobbs -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . She won two more Tony Awards in the 1990s , for Death and the Maiden in 1992 and Sunset Boulevard in 1995 , while she won her first Emmy Award for the 1995 TV film Serving in Silence : The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story .   She starred as Eleanor of Aquitaine in the 2003 TV film The Lion in Winter , winning a Golden Globe Award . In 2005 , she starred in the drama series The Shield . Then , from 2007 to 2012 , she starred as Patty Hewes in the FX drama series Damages , a role that won her a Golden Globe and two Emmys . She has voiced the character of Mona Simpson in the animated sitcom The Simpsons since 1995 . She returned to Broadway in November 2014 , in a revival of Edward Albee 's A Delicate Balance . Her other films include Jagged Edge -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , Hamlet -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Reversal of Fortune -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , 101 Dalmatians -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Paradise Road -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Air Force One -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Cookie 's Fortune -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Heights -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Guardians of the Galaxy -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and The Girl With All The Gifts -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   Close is a six-time Academy Award nominee , tying the record for being the actress with the most nominations never to have won -LRB- along with Deborah Kerr and Thelma Ritter -RRB- . As of 2016 , Close has more Oscar nominations without a win than any other living actor . In addition , she has been nominated for four Tonys -LRB- three wins -RRB- , fourteen Emmys -LRB- three wins -RRB- , thirteen Golden Globes -LRB- two wins -RRB- , two Drama Desk Awards -LRB- one win -RRB- and eight Screen Actors Guild Awards -LRB- one win -RRB- . She has also won an Obie award and has been nominated for three Grammy Awards and a BAFTA . Close has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame .  The Real Thing is a play by Tom Stoppard that was first performed in 1982 . It examines the nature of honesty and uses various constructs , including a play within a play , to explore the theme of reality versus appearance .   The play focuses on the relationship between Henry and Annie , an actress and member of a group fighting to free Brodie , a Scottish soldier imprisoned for burning a memorial wreath during a protest .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Zooey Deschanel performed.", "evidence": "Zooey Claire Deschanel -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8zo\u028ai_\u02ccde\u026a\u0283\u0259\u02c8n\u025bl -RSB- born January 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress and singer-songwriter . She made her film debut in Mumford -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , followed by her supporting role in Cameron Crowe 's semi-autobiographical picture Almost Famous -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Deschanel soon became known for her deadpan comedy roles in films such as The Good Girl -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , The New Guy -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Elf -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Failure to Launch -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Yes Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . She also did dramatic turns in the films Manic -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , All the Real Girls -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Winter Passing -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Bridge to Terabithia -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Since 2011 , she has played Jessica Day on the Fox sitcom New Girl , for which she has received an Emmy Award nomination and three Golden Globe Award nominations .   For a few years starting in 2001 , Deschanel performed in the jazz cabaret act If All the Stars Were Pretty Babies with fellow actress Samantha Shelton . Besides singing , she plays keyboards , percussion , banjo , and ukulele . In 2006 , Deschanel teamed up with M. Ward to release a debut album , Volume One , under the name She & Him in March 2008 . They released a follow-up album , Volume Two , in March 2010 , with their Christmas album A Very She & Him Christmas being released in 2011 , Volume 3 in 2013 , and Classics in 2014 . She also received Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media nomination for her song `` So Long '' , which featured in the Winnie the Pooh soundtrack .   Deschanel is also a co-founder of the female-focused website HelloGiggles , which was acquired by Time , Inc. in 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Seven Days in May stars an American.", "evidence": "Seven Days in May is a 1964 American political thriller motion picture about a military-political cabal 's planned take-over of the United States government in reaction to the president 's negotiation of a disarmament treaty with the Soviet Union . Directed by John Frankenheimer , it stars Burt Lancaster , Kirk Douglas , Fredric March , and Ava Gardner . The screenplay was written by Rod Serling based on the novel of the same name by Fletcher Knebel and Charles W. Bailey II , published in September 1962 .  Kirk Douglas -LRB- born Issur Danielovitch , December 9 , 1916 -RRB- is an American actor , producer , director , and author . He is one of the last living people of the film industry 's Golden Age . After an impoverished childhood with immigrant parents and six sisters , he had his film debut in The Strange Love of Martha Ivers -LRB- 1946 -RRB- with Barbara Stanwyck . Douglas soon developed into a leading box-office star throughout the 1950s and 1960s , known for serious dramas , including westerns and war movies . During his career he appeared in more than 90 movies .   Douglas became an international star through positive reception for his leading role as an unscrupulous boxing hero in Champion -LRB- 1949 -RRB- , which brought him his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor . Other early films include Young Man with a Horn -LRB- 1950 -RRB- , playing opposite Lauren Bacall and Doris Day ; Ace in the Hole opposite Jan Sterling -LRB- 1951 -RRB- ; and Detective Story -LRB- 1951 -RRB- . He received a second Oscar nomination for his dramatic role in The Bad and the Beautiful -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , opposite Lana Turner , and his third nomination for portraying Vincent van Gogh in Lust for Life -LRB- 1956 -RRB- .   In 1955 , he established Bryna Productions , which began producing films as varied as Paths of Glory -LRB- 1957 -RRB- and Spartacus -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . In those two films , he starred and collaborated with the then relatively unknown director , Stanley Kubrick . Douglas helped break the Hollywood blacklist by having Dalton Trumbo write Spartacus with an official on-screen credit , although Trumbo 's family claims he overstated his role . He produced and starred in Lonely Are the Brave -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , considered a cult classic , and Seven Days in May -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , opposite Burt Lancaster , with whom he made seven films . In 1963 , he starred in the Broadway play One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , a story he purchased , which he later gave to his son Michael Douglas , who turned it into an Oscar-winning film .   As an actor and philanthropist , Douglas has received three Academy Award nominations , an Oscar for Lifetime Achievement , and the Presidential Medal of Freedom . As an author , he has written ten novels and memoirs . Currently , he is No. 17 on the American Film Institute 's list of the greatest male screen legends of classic Hollywood cinema , and the highest-ranked living person on the list . After barely surviving a helicopter crash in 1991 and then suffering a stroke in 1996 , he has focused on renewing his spiritual and religious life . He lives with his second wife -LRB- of 63 years -RRB- , Anne , a producer . He turned 100 on December 9 , 2016 .  Ava Lavinia Gardner -LRB- December 24 , 1922 -- January 25 , 1990 -RRB- was an American actress and singer .   She was signed to a contract by MGM Studios in 1941 and appeared mainly in small roles until she drew attention with her performance in The Killers -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work in Mogambo -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , and also received BAFTA Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for other films .   Gardner appeared in several high-profile films from the 1940s to 1970s , including The Hucksters -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , Show Boat -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , Pandora and the Flying Dutchman -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , The Snows of Kilimanjaro -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , The Barefoot Contessa -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , Bhowani Junction -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , On the Beach -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , 55 Days at Peking -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , Seven Days in May -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , The Night of the Iguana -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , The Bible : In the Beginning ... -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , Earthquake -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , and The Cassandra Crossing -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . Gardner continued to act regularly until 1986 , four years before her death in London in 1990 at the age of 67 .   She is listed 25th among the American Film Institute 's 25 Greatest Female Stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema .  Burton Stephen `` Burt '' Lancaster -LRB- November 2 , 1913 -- October 20 , 1994 -RRB- was an American film actor . Initially known for playing `` tough guys '' , Lancaster went on to achieve success with more complex and challenging roles . He was nominated four times for Academy Awards and won once for his work in Elmer Gantry in 1960 . He also won a Golden Globe for that performance and BAFTA Awards for The Birdman of Alcatraz -LRB- 1962 -RRB- and Atlantic City -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . During the 1950s his production company Hecht-Hill-Lancaster was highly successful , making films such as Marty -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , Trapeze -LRB- 1956 -RRB- , Sweet Smell of Success -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Run Silent , Run Deep -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , and Separate Tables -LRB- 1958 -RRB- .   The American Film Institute ranks Lancaster as # 19 of the greatest male stars of classic Hollywood cinema .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Winnipeg is home to several sports teams.", "evidence": "Winnipeg -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8w\u026an\u026ap\u025b\u0261 -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada . It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America and is 110 km from the U.S. border . It is also the place of the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers .   The city is named after the nearby Lake Winnipeg ; the name comes from the Western Cree words for muddy water . The region was a trading centre for aboriginal peoples long before the arrival of Europeans . French traders built the first fort on the site in 1738 . A settlement was later founded by the Selkirk settlers of the Red River Colony in 1812 , the nucleus of which was incorporated as the City of Winnipeg in 1873 . As of 2011 , Winnipeg is the seventh most populated municipality in Canada . Being located very far inland , the local climate is extremely seasonal even by Canadian standards with average January lows of around -21 C and average July highs of 26 C.   Known as the `` Gateway to the West '' , Winnipeg is a railway and transportation hub with a diversified economy . This multicultural city hosts numerous annual festivals , including the Festival du Voyageur , the Winnipeg Folk Festival , the Jazz Winnipeg Festival , the Winnipeg Fringe Theatre Festival , and Folklorama . Winnipeg was the first Canadian host of the Pan American Games . It is home to several professional sports franchises , including the Winnipeg Blue Bombers -LRB- Canadian football -RRB- , the Winnipeg Jets -LRB- ice hockey -RRB- , Manitoba Moose -LRB- ice hockey -RRB- and the Winnipeg Goldeyes -LRB- baseball -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mark Zuckerberg co-founded a website.", "evidence": "Mark Elliot Zuckerberg -LRB- born May 14 , 1984 -RRB- is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur . He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer . His net worth is estimated to be US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 , and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world .   Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4 , 2004 . He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes . The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses . Facebook expanded rapidly , reaching one billion users by 2012 . Meanwhile , Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group , who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook .   In December 2012 , Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to `` advancing human potential and promoting equality '' in the spirit of The Giving Pledge . On December 1 , 2015 , they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares -LRB- worth about US$ 45 billion at the time -RRB- to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative .   Since 2010 , Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award . In December 2016 , Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World 's Most Powerful People . According to Forbes Magazine , Zuckerberg has a net worth of US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 .  Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park , California . The Facebook website was launched on February 4 , 2004 , by Mark Zuckerberg , along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates , Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes .   The founders had initially limited the website 's membership to Harvard students ; however , later they expanded it to higher education institutions in the Boston area , the Ivy League schools , and Stanford University . Facebook gradually added support for students at various other universities , and eventually to high school students as well . Since 2006 , anyone age 13 and older has been allowed to become a registered user of Facebook , though variations exist in the minimum age requirement , depending on applicable local laws . The Facebook name comes from the face book directories often given to United States university students .   Facebook may be accessed by a large range of desktops , laptops , tablet computers , and smartphones over the Internet and mobile networks . After registering to use the site , users can create a user profile indicating their name , occupation , schools attended and so on . Users can add other users as `` friends '' , exchange messages , post status updates and digital photos , share digital videos and links , use various software applications -LRB- `` apps '' -RRB- , and receive notifications when others update their profiles or make posts . Additionally , users may join common-interest user groups organized by workplace , school , hobbies or other topics , and categorize their friends into lists such as `` People From Work '' or `` Close Friends '' . In groups , editors can pin posts to top . Additionally , users can complain about or block unpleasant people . Because of the large volume of data that users submit to the service , Facebook has come under scrutiny for its privacy policies . Facebook makes most of its revenue from advertisements which appear onscreen .   Facebook , Inc. held its initial public offering -LRB- IPO -RRB- in February 2012 , and began selling stock to the public three months later , reaching an original peak market capitalization of $ 104 billion . On July 13 , 2015 , Facebook became the fastest company in the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index to reach a market cap of $ 250 billion . Facebook has more than 1.94 billion monthly active users as of March 31 , 2017 . As of April 2016 , Facebook was the most popular social networking site in the world , based on the number of active user accounts . Facebook classifies users from the ages of 13 to 18 as minors and therefore sets their profiles to share content with friends only .  Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park , California . The Facebook website was launched on February 4 , 2004 , by Mark Zuckerberg , along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates , Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes .   The founders had initially limited the website 's membership to Harvard students ; however , later they expanded it to higher education institutions in the Boston area , the Ivy League schools , and Stanford University . Facebook gradually added support for students at various other universities , and eventually to high school students as well . Since 2006 , anyone age 13 and older has been allowed to become a registered user of Facebook , though variations exist in the minimum age requirement , depending on applicable local laws . The Facebook name comes from the face book directories often given to United States university students .   Facebook may be accessed by a large range of desktops , laptops , tablet computers , and smartphones over the Internet and mobile networks . After registering to use the site , users can create a user profile indicating their name , occupation , schools attended and so on . Users can add other users as `` friends '' , exchange messages , post status updates and digital photos , share digital videos and links , use various software applications -LRB- `` apps '' -RRB- , and receive notifications when others update their profiles or make posts . Additionally , users may join common-interest user groups organized by workplace , school , hobbies or other topics , and categorize their friends into lists such as `` People From Work '' or `` Close Friends '' . In groups , editors can pin posts to top . Additionally , users can complain about or block unpleasant people . Because of the large volume of data that users submit to the service , Facebook has come under scrutiny for its privacy policies . Facebook makes most of its revenue from advertisements which appear onscreen .   Facebook , Inc. held its initial public offering -LRB- IPO -RRB- in February 2012 , and began selling stock to the public three months later , reaching an original peak market capitalization of $ 104 billion . On July 13 , 2015 , Facebook became the fastest company in the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index to reach a market cap of $ 250 billion . Facebook has more than 1.94 billion monthly active users as of March 31 , 2017 . As of April 2016 , Facebook was the most popular social networking site in the world , based on the number of active user accounts . Facebook classifies users from the ages of 13 to 18 as minors and therefore sets their profiles to share content with friends only .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Rick and Morty was renewed for a fourth season in 2014.", "evidence": "Rick and Morty is an American adult animated science-fiction sitcom created by Justin Roiland and Dan Harmon for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim . The series follows the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick and his fretful , easily influenced grandson Morty , who split their time between domestic family life and interdimensional adventures . Roiland voices the series ' eponymous characters , with the voice talent of Chris Parnell , Spencer Grammer , and Sarah Chalke providing the rest of the family . It premiered on December 2 , 2013 .   The series originated from an animated short parody film of Back to the Future created by Roiland for film festival Channel 101 . Adult Swim approached Harmon for television show ideas , and he and Roiland developed the program based on the short , replacing the characters of Doc with Rick and Marty with Morty . In January 2014 , the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on July 26 , 2015 . In August 2015 , Adult Swim renewed the series for a 14-episode third season , which premiered unannounced on April 1 , 2017 , with the rest of the season scheduled to air during the summer . The show has received universal critical acclaim for its originality , creativity , and humor .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Paul Walker acted in movies.", "evidence": "Paul William Walker IV -LRB- September 12 , 1973 -- November 30 , 2013 -RRB- was an American actor . Walker began his career guest-starring in several television shows such as The Young and the Restless and Touched by an Angel . Walker gained prominence with breakout roles in coming of age and teen films such as She 's All That and Varsity Blues -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . In 2001 , Walker gained international fame for his portrayal of Brian O'Conner in the street racing action film The Fast and the Furious -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , and would reprise the role in five of the next six installments but died in the middle of the filming of Furious 7 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He also starred in films such as Joy Ride -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Timeline -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Into the Blue -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Eight Below , and Running Scared -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   Besides acting , Walker was the face of The Coty Prestige fragrance brand Davidoff Cool Water for Men , and starred in the National Geographic Channel series , Expedition Great White . He also founded the charity `` Reach Out Worldwide '' -LRB- ROWW -RRB- , an organization providing relief efforts for areas affected by natural disasters . He was often praised for his off-screen charity work , and as a performer .   Walker died in a single-vehicle collision on November 30 , 2013 , alongside friend Roger Rodas . Three films that he was involved in at the time were released posthumously : Hours -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , Brick Mansions -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and Furious 7 -LRB- 2015 , which he had not completed filming -RRB- . The song `` See You Again '' by Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth , which appeared on the Furious 7 soundtrack , is a tribute to Walker . The song was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 73rd Golden Globe Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Clint Eastwood was nominated for an award.", "evidence": "Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' ' -LRB- born May 31 , 1930 -RRB- is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure . After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s . These roles , among others , have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity .   For his work in the Western film Unforgiven -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and the sports drama Million Dollar Baby -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture , as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor . Eastwood 's greatest commercial successes have been the adventure comedy Every Which Way But Loose -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and its sequel , the action comedy Any Which Way You Can -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , after adjustment for inflation . Other popular films include the Western Hang 'Em High -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , the psychological thriller Play Misty for Me -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , the crime film Thunderbolt and Lightfoot -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , the Western The Outlaw Josey Wales -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , the prison film Escape from Alcatraz -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , the action film Firefox -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , the suspense thriller Tightrope -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , the Western Pale Rider -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the war films Where Eagles Dare -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , Heartbreak Ridge -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , the action thriller In the Line of Fire -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , the romantic drama The Bridges of Madison County -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , and the drama Gran Torino -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .   In addition to directing many of his own star vehicles , Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear , such as the mystery drama Mystic River -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and the war film Letters from Iwo Jima -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , for which he received Academy Award nominations , and the drama Changeling -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . The war drama biopic American Sniper '' -LRB- 2014 -RRB- set box office records for the largest January release ever and was also the largest opening ever for an Eastwood film .   Eastwood received considerable critical praise in France for several films , including some that were not well received in the United States . Eastwood has been awarded two of France 's highest honors : in 1994 he became a recipient of the Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres , and in 2007 he was awarded the Legion of Honour medal . In 2000 , Eastwood was awarded the Italian Venice Film Festival Golden Lion for lifetime achievement .   Since 1967 , Eastwood has run his own production company , Malpaso , which has produced all but four of his American films . Starting in 1986 , Eastwood served for two years as Mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea , California , a non-partisan office .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shonen Jump is published in a continent.", "evidence": "Shonen Jump , officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ , is a sh\u014dnen manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media . It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date . Based on Shueisha 's popular Japanese magazine Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump , Shonen Jump is retooled for English readers and the American audience , including changing it from a weekly publication to a monthly one . It features serialized chapters from four manga series , and articles on Japanese language and culture , as well as manga , anime , video games , and figurines . Prior to the magazine 's launch , Viz launched an extensive marketing campaign to promote it and help it succeed where previous manga anthologies published in North America had failed . Shueisha purchased an equity interest in Viz to help fund the venture , and Cartoon Network , Suncoast , and Diamond Distributors became promotional partners in the magazine .   In conjunction with the magazine , Viz launched new imprints for releasing media related to the series presented in the magazine , and other sh\u014dnen works . This includes two new manga imprints , an anime DVD imprint , a fiction line for releasing light novels , a label for fan and data books , and a label for the release of art books .   Targeted towards young adult males , the first issue required three printings to meet consumer demand , with over 300,000 copies sold . It was awarded the ICv2 `` Comic Product of the Year '' award in December 2002 , and has continued to enjoy high sales with a monthly circulation of 215,000 in 2008 . Approximately half of its circulation comes from subscriptions rather than store sales .   Shonen Jump published its final issue in April 2012 when Viz decided to focus on a weekly digital manga anthology . Weekly Shonen Jump -LRB- initially named Weekly Shonen Jump Alpha -RRB- launched in January 2012 and is still in production .  North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere . It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas . It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean , to the east by the Atlantic Ocean , to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean , and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea .   North America covers an area of about 24,709,000 square kilometers -LRB- 9,540,000 square miles -RRB- , about 16.5 % of the earth 's land area and about 4.8 % of its total surface .  North America is the third largest continent by area , following Asia and Africa , and the fourth by population after Asia , Africa , and Europe .   In 2013 , its population was estimated at nearly 565 million people in 23 independent states , or about 7.5 % of the world 's population , if nearby islands -LRB- most notably the Caribbean -RRB- are included .   North America was reached by its first human populations during the last glacial period , via crossing the Bering land bridge approximately 40,000 to 17,000 years ago . The so-called Paleo-Indian period is taken to have lasted until about 10,000 years ago -LRB- the beginning of the Archaic or Meso-Indian period -RRB- . The Classic stage spans roughly the 6th to 13th centuries . The Pre-Columbian era ended with the transatlantic migrations and the arrival of European settlers during the Age of Discovery and the Early Modern period . Present-day cultural and ethnic patterns reflect different kind of interactions between European colonists , indigenous peoples , African slaves and their descendants . European influences are strongest in the northern parts of the continent while indigenous and African influences are relatively stronger in the south . Because of the history of colonialism , most North Americans speak English , Spanish or French and societies and states commonly reflect Western traditions .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gilmore Girls is a Canadian show.", "evidence": "Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel . Sherman-Palladino , her husband Daniel Palladino , David S. Rosenthal , and Gavin Polone served as the executive producers . The series debuted on October 5 , 2000 , on The WB and remained a tent-pole to the network until its move to The CW on September 26 , 2006 . The series originally ran for seven seasons and ended its run on May 15 , 2007 .   The show follows single mother Lorelai Gilmore -LRB- Graham -RRB- and her daughter Rory -LRB- Bledel -RRB- , living in the fictional town of Stars Hollow , Connecticut . The town is filled with colorful characters and is located approximately 30 minutes from Hartford , Connecticut . The series explores issues of family , friendship and romance , as well as generational divides and social class . Ambition , education , work , love , family , and questions of class constitute some of the series ' central concerns . The show 's social commentary manifests most clearly in Lorelai 's difficult relationship with her wealthy , appearance-obsessed parents , Emily and Richard Gilmore , and in Rory 's interactions with the students at the Chilton Academy , and later , Yale University .   Gilmore Girls was released to critical acclaim . It featured fast-paced dialogue filled with pop-culture references . It won one Emmy Award for makeup in 2004 . The show placed 32 on Entertainment Weekly `` New TV Classics '' list , and was listed as one of Time magazine 's `` All-TIME 100 TV Shows '' in 2007 .   In 2016 , the main cast and Sherman-Palladino returned for a four-part miniseries revival titled Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life , which streamed on Netflix .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Honest sold 53,000 units in a week.", "evidence": "Honest is the second studio album by American rapper Future . It was released on April 22 , 2014 , by A1 Recordings , Freebandz and Epic Records . The album features guest appearances from Drake and Wiz Khalifa , among others . The album was supported by five singles : `` Karate Chop '' featuring Lil Wayne , `` Honest '' , `` Shit '' , `` Move That Dope '' featuring Pharrell , Pusha T and Casino , and `` I Won '' featuring Kanye West , along with the promotional single `` Real and True '' featuring Mr Hudson and Miley Cyrus .   Honest received generally positive reviews from critics , debuting at number two on the Billboard 200 , selling 53,000 copies in its first week . The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Since July 2012, Pranab Mukherjee has been in office.", "evidence": "` Pranab Kumar Mukherjee -LRB- born 11 December 1935 -RRB- is the 13th and current President of India , he has been in office since July 2012 . In a political career spanning six decades , Mukherjee was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress and occupied several ministerial portfolios in the Government of India . Prior to his election as President , Mukherjee was Union Finance Minister from 2009 to 2012 , and the Congress party 's top troubleshooter .   Mukherjee got his break in politics in 1969 when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi helped him get elected to the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of Parliament , on a Congress ticket . Following a meteoric rise , he became one of Indira Gandhi 's most trusted lieutenants , and a minister in her cabinet by 1973 . During the controversial Internal Emergency of 1975 -- 77 , he was accused -LRB- like several other Congress leaders -RRB- of committing gross excesses . Mukherjee 's service in a number of ministerial capacities culminated in his first stint as finance minister in 1982 -- 84 . Mukherjee was also Leader of the House in the Rajya Sabha from 1980 to 1985 .   Mukherjee was sidelined from the Congress during the premiership of Rajiv Gandhi , Indira 's son . Mukherjee had viewed himself , and not the inexperienced Rajiv , as the rightful successor to Indira following her assassination in 1984 . Mukherjee lost out in the ensuing power struggle . He formed his own party , the Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress , which merged with the Congress in 1989 after reaching a consensus with Rajiv Gandhi . Mukherjee 's political career revived when Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao appointed him Planning Commission head in 1991 and foreign minister in 1995 . Following this , as elder statesman of the Congress , Mukherjee was the principal and architect of Sonia Gandhi 's ascension to the party 's presidency in 1998 .   When the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance -LRB- UPA -RRB- came into power in 2004 , Mukherjee won a Lok Sabha -LRB- the popularly elected lower house of Parliament -RRB- seat for the first time . From then until his resignation in 2012 , Mukherjee was practically number-two in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's government . He held a number of key cabinet portfolios -- Defence -LRB- 2004 -- 06 -RRB- , External Affairs -LRB- 2006 -- 09 -RRB- and Finance -LRB- 2009 -- 12 -RRB- -- apart from heading several Groups of Ministers -LRB- GoMs -RRB- and being Leader of the House in the Lok Sabha . After securing the UPA 's nomination for the country 's presidency in July 2012 , Mukherjee comfortably defeated P. A. Sangma in the race to Rashtrapati Bhavan , winning 70 percent of the electoral-college vote .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Anonymous represents 4chan users simultaneously existing as an anarchic, digitized global brain.", "evidence": "Anonymous is a loosely associated international network of activist and hacktivist entities . A website nominally associated with the group describes it as `` an Internet gathering '' with `` a very loose and decentralized command structure that operates on ideas rather than directives '' . The group became known for a series of well-publicized publicity stunts and distributed denial-of-service -LRB- DDoS -RRB- attacks on government , religious , and corporate websites .   Anonymous originated in 2003 on the imageboard 4chan , representing the concept of many online and offline community users simultaneously existing as an anarchic , digitized global brain . Anonymous members -LRB- known as `` Anons '' -RRB- can be distinguished in public by the wearing of Guy Fawkes masks in the style portrayed in the graphic novel and film V for Vendetta .   In its early form , the concept was adopted by a decentralized online community acting anonymously in a coordinated manner , usually toward a loosely self-agreed goal , and primarily focused on entertainment , or `` lulz '' . Beginning with 2008 's Project Chanology -- a series of protests , pranks , and hacks targeting the Church of Scientology -- the Anonymous collective became increasingly associated with collaborative hacktivism on a number of issues internationally . Individuals claiming to align themselves with Anonymous undertook protests and other actions -LRB- including direct action -RRB- in retaliation against copyright-focused campaigns by motion picture and recording industry trade associations . Later targets of Anonymous hacktivism included government agencies of the U.S. , Israel , Tunisia , Uganda , and others ; the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ; child pornography sites ; copyright protection agencies ; the Westboro Baptist Church ; and corporations such as PayPal , MasterCard , Visa , and Sony . Anons have publicly supported WikiLeaks and the Occupy movement . Related groups LulzSec and Operation AntiSec carried out cyberattacks on U.S. government agencies , media , video game companies , military contractors , military personnel , and police officers , resulting in the attention of law enforcement to the groups ' activities . Some actions by members of the group have been described as being anti-Zionist . It has threatened to cyber-attack Israel and engaged in the '' #OpIsrael '' cyber-attacks of Israeli websites on Yom HaShoah -LRB- Holocaust Remembrance Day -RRB- in 2013 .   Dozens of people have been arrested for involvement in Anonymous cyberattacks , in countries including the U.S. , UK , Australia , the Netherlands , Spain , India and Turkey . Evaluations of the group 's actions and effectiveness vary widely . Supporters have called the group `` freedom fighters '' and digital Robin Hoods while critics have described them as `` a cyber lynch-mob '' or `` cyber terrorists '' . In 2012 , Time called Anonymous one of the `` 100 most influential people '' in the world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "San Francisco is in California.", "evidence": "San Francisco -LRB- initials SF -RRB- -LRB- -LSB- s\u00e6n_fr\u0259n\u02c8s\u026asko\u028a -RSB- , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish : -LSB- san fran\u02c8sisko -RSB- -RRB- , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California . With a density of about 18,581 people per square mile -LRB- 7,174 people per km2 -RRB- , San Francisco is the most densely settled large city -LRB- population greater than 200,000 -RRB- in California and the second-most densely populated major city in the United States after New York City . San Francisco is the fourth-most populous city in California , after Los Angeles , San Diego , and San Jose , and the 13th-most populous city in the United States -- with a census-estimated 2016 population of 870,887 . The city and its surrounding areas are known as the San Francisco Bay Area , and are a part of the larger OMB-designated San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland combined statistical area , the fifth most populous in the nation with an estimated population of 8.7 million .   San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de As\u00eds a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi . The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth , making it the largest city on the West Coast at the time . San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856 .  After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire , San Francisco was quickly rebuilt , hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later . In World War II , San Francisco was a major port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater . It then became the birthplace of the United Nations in 1945 . After the war , the confluence of returning servicemen , massive immigration , liberalizing attitudes , along with the rise of the `` hippie '' counterculture , the Sexual Revolution , the Peace Movement growing from opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War , and other factors led to the Summer of Love and the gay rights movement , cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States . Politically , the city votes strongly along liberal Democratic Party lines .   A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district . San Francisco is also the headquarters of five major banking institutions and various other companies such as Levi Strauss & Co. , Gap Inc. , Salesforce.com , Dropbox , Reddit , Square , Inc. , Dolby , Airbnb , Weebly , Pacific Gas and Electric Company , Yelp , Pinterest , Twitter , Uber , Lyft , Mozilla , Wikimedia Foundation , Craigslist and Weather Underground . It has several nicknames , including `` The City by the Bay '' , `` Fog City '' , `` San Fran '' , and `` Frisco '' , as well as older ones like `` The City that Knows How '' , `` Baghdad by the Bay '' , `` The Paris of the West '' , or simply `` The City '' . , San Francisco is ranked high on world liveability rankings .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Laadla is exclusively an American film.", "evidence": "Laadla -LRB- translation : The Beloved Son -RRB- is a Bollywood film released on 17 April 1994 , starring Sridevi , Anil Kapoor and Raveena Tandon . The film was notable because Divya Bharti was to star as the lead role Sheetal , filming most of the film . However , due to her untimely death in 1993 , Laadla was re-filmed with Sridevi in the lead role . Footage of late Divya Bharti as Sheetal is available on the internet . Laadla is the remake of Rajkumar 's blockbuster Kannada movie called Anuraga Aralithu -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Laadla was a Box Office Hit dominated by Sridevi 's presence who was quite a big star at that time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Lily Collins wrote for a U.S magazine that targets teen girls.", "evidence": "Lily Jane Collins -LRB- born 18 March 1989 -RRB- is a British-American actress and model . The daughter of English musician Phil Collins and an American mother , Jill Tavelman , she was born in Surrey and moved to Los Angeles as a child . Her first screen role was at the age of two in the BBC series Growing Pains . She went on to study broadcast journalism at the University of Southern California and as a teenager , wrote for Seventeen magazine , Teen Vogue , and The Los Angeles Times . She was named International Model of the Year by Spain 's Glamour magazine after being selected by Chanel to wear one of their gowns at the Hotel de Crillon in 2007 . In 2008 , she was named Newest Red Carpet Correspondent and One to Watch in 2008 .   Collins appeared as a guest star on the teen drama television series 90210 in 2009 , followed by her feature film debut in the semi-biographical sports film The Blind Side . She had leading roles in the sci-fi action-horror film Priest -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and the psychological action-thriller film Abduction , and was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Sci-Fi/Fantasy for her role as Snow White in the fantasy film Mirror Mirror . She received wider recognition after taking on the role of Clary Fray in the fantasy film adaptation of Cassandra Clare 's The New York Times best-selling novel , The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones , for which she was nominated for the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Action and an MTV Movie Award .   Collins is also known for her roles in independent films , such as the romantic comedy-drama Stuck in Love -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the romantic comedy The English Teacher -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and the romantic comedy-drama Love , Rosie -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . She won the New Hollywood Film Award and received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical or Comedy her role as Marla Mabrey in Rules Do n't Apply -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . In 2017 , her debut novel , Unfiltered : No Shame , No Regrets , Just Me , was released to critical praise . In May 2017 , Lily Collins and Marti Noxon were honoured at Project Heal for their movie To the Bone .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bangladesh has been affected by poverty.", "evidence": "Bangladesh -LRB- -LSB- b\u00e6\u014b\u0261l\u0259\u02c8d\u025b\u0283 -RSB- -LSB- \u02ccb\u0251\u02d0\u014b\u0261l\u0259\u02c8d\u025b\u0283 -RSB- -LSB- : bn : \u09ac\u09be\u0982\u09b2\u09be\u09a6\u09c7\u09b6 , \u09ac\u09be\u0982\u09b2\u09be\u09a6\u09c7\u09b6 -RSB- , -LSB- \u02c8ba\u014blad\u032ae\u0283 -RSB- , lit . `` The country of Bengal '' -RRB- , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia . It shares land borders with India and Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- . Nepal , Bhutan and China are located near Bangladesh but do not share a border with it . The country 's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area . Bangladesh is the world 's eighth most populous country . Dhaka is its capital and largest city , followed by Chittagong , which has the country 's largest port .   Bangladesh forms the largest and eastern part of the Bengal region . Bangladeshis include people of different ethnic groups and religions . Bengalis , who speak the official Bengali language , make up 98 % of the population . The politically dominant Bengali Muslims make the nation the world 's third largest Muslim-majority country . Most of Bangladesh is covered by the Bengal delta , the largest delta on Earth . The country has 700 rivers and 8,046 km -LRB- 5,000 miles -RRB- of inland waterways . Highlands with evergreen forests are found in the northeastern and southeastern regions of the country . Bangladesh has many islands and a coral reef . It is home to the Sundarbans , the largest mangrove forest in the world . The country 's biodiversity includes a vast array of plant and wildlife , including critically endangered Bengal tigers , the national animal .   The Greeks and Romans identified the region as Gangaridai , a powerful kingdom of the historical subcontinent , in the 3rd century BCE . Archaeological research has unearthed several ancient cities in Bangladesh , which had international trade links for millennia . The Bengal Sultanate and Mughal Bengal transformed the region into a cosmopolitan Islamic imperial power between the 14th and 18th centuries . The region was home to many principalities that had inland naval prowess . It was also a notable center of the worldwide muslin and silk trade . As part of British India , the region was influenced by the Bengali renaissance and played an important role in anti-colonial movements . The Partition of British India made East Bengal a part of the Dominion of Pakistan ; and was renamed as East Pakistan . The region witnessed the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 and the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 . After independence , a parliamentary republic was established . A presidential government was in place between 1975 and 1990 , followed by a return to parliamentary democracy . The country has also been affected by poverty , natural disasters , hunger , dominant party systems and military coups .   Bangladesh is a middle power and a major developing nation . Within South Asia , the country ranks first in gender equality , second in foreign exchange earnings and third in life expectancy and peacefulness . Listed as one of the Next Eleven , its economy ranks 46th in terms of nominal gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- and 29th in terms of purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- . It is one of the largest textile exporters in the world . Its major trading partners are the European Union , the United States , China , India , Japan , Malaysia and Singapore . With its strategically vital location between Southern , Eastern and Southeast Asia , Bangladesh is an important promoter of regional connectivity and cooperation . It is a founding member of SAARC , BIMSTEC , the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Forum for Regional Cooperation and the Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Initiative . It is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , the Developing 8 Countries , the OIC , the Non Aligned Movement , the Group of 77 and the World Trade Organization . Bangladesh is one of the largest contributors to United Nations peacekeeping forces .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lisa Lopes was a founding member of TLC.", "evidence": "Lisa Nicole Lopes -LRB- May 27 , 1971 -- April 25 , 2002 -RRB- , better known by her stage name Left Eye , was an American hip hop singer , rapper , actress , songwriter and producer . She rose to fame in the early 1990s as one-third of the girl group TLC , alongside Tionne `` T-Boz '' Watkins and Rozonda `` Chilli '' Thomas . Besides rapping and singing background vocals on TLC recordings , Lopes was one of the creative forces behind the group . She received more cowriting credits than the other members . She also designed the outfits and stage for the group and brought concepts to the group image , album titles , artworks and music videos . Through her work with TLC , Lopes won four Grammy Awards .   During her short solo career , Lopes scored two US top-ten singles with `` Not Tonight '' and `` U Know What 's Up '' , as well as one UK number-one single with `` Never Be the Same Again '' . She also produced the girl group Blaque , who scored a platinum album and two US top-ten hits . Lopes remains the only member of TLC to have released a solo album .   On April 25 , 2002 , Lopes was killed in a car accident while on a retreat with her sister and others . She swerved off the road to avoid hitting another vehicle and was thrown from her vehicle and died instantly . The last days of her life were made into a documentary called The Last Days of Left Eye , which aired on VH1 in May 2007 .  TLC is an American girl group whose original line-up consisted of Tionne `` T-Boz '' Watkins , Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes and Rozonda `` Chilli '' Thomas . Formed in Atlanta , Georgia in 1991 , the group was very successful during the 1990s and early 2000s in spite of numerous spats with the law , each other , and the group 's record label and management . They scored nine top-ten hits on the Billboard Hot 100 , including four number-one singles `` Creep '' , `` Waterfalls '' , `` No Scrubs '' , and `` Unpretty '' . The group also recorded four multi-platinum albums , including CrazySexyCool -LRB- 1994 -RRB- which still remains the only album by a female group to receive a diamond certification from the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- . TLC also became the first R&B group in history to receive Million certification from the Recording Industry Association of Japan -LRB- RIAJ -RRB- for FanMail -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .   Having sold over 65 million records worldwide , TLC is the best-selling American girl group and second worldwide to the English group Spice Girls . VH1 ranked TLC as the greatest female group , placing them at number 12 on the list of 100 Greatest Women in Music . Billboard magazine ranked TLC as one of the greatest musical trios , as well as the seventh most successful act of the 1990s . The group 's accolades include four career Grammy Awards , five MTV Video Music Awards and five Soul Train Music Awards . Twenty years after their debut , TLC was honored with Outstanding Contribution to Music at the 17th MOBO Awards and Legend Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards Japan . All three members of TLC are considered irreplaceable by the other members , and each of them have contributed equally to the group . Following Lopes ' death in 2002 , instead of replacing her , the remaining members chose to carry on as a duo . On June 30 , 2017 , they will release their final album as TLC , but have clarified that they will not split up following the album 's release and will continue to perform together .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Formula (1980 film) was directed by an American.", "evidence": "The Formula is a 1980 American mystery film directed by John G. Avildsen and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . It features a preeminent cast including Marlon Brando , George C. Scott , John Gielgud , and Marthe Keller . Craig T. Nelson also makes a brief appearance as a geologist .  John Guilbert Avildsen -LRB- born December 21 , 1935 -RRB- is an American film director . He won the Academy Award for Best Director in 1977 for Rocky . Other films he directed include Joe , Save the Tiger , Fore Play , The Formula , Neighbors , For Keeps , Lean on Me , The Power of One , 8 Seconds , Inferno , Rocky V and the first three The Karate Kid films .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Janet Jackson's third album was released in February 1986.", "evidence": "Janet Damita Jo Jackson -LRB- born May 16 , 1966 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , dancer and actress . Known for sonically innovative , socially conscious , and sexually provocative records , elaborate stage shows , and high-profile television and film roles , she has been a prominent figure in popular culture for over 30 years .   The youngest child of the Jackson family , she began her career with the variety television series The Jacksons in 1976 and went on to appear in other television shows throughout the 1970s and early 1980s , including Good Times and Fame . After signing a recording contract with A&M Records in 1982 , she became a pop icon following the release of her third studio album Control -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Her collaborations with record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis incorporated elements of rhythm and blues , funk , disco , rap , and industrial beats , which led to crossover success in popular music .   In 1991 Jackson signed the first of two record-breaking multimillion-dollar contracts with Virgin Records , establishing her as one of the highest paid artists in the industry . Her debut album under the label , Janet -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , saw her develop a public image as a sex symbol as she began to explore sexuality in her work . That same year , she appeared in her first starring film role in Poetic Justice ; she has continued to act in feature films . By the end of the 1990s , she was the second most successful recording artist of the decade . The release of her seventh studio album All for You -LRB- 2001 -RRB- coincided with a celebration of her impact on popular music as the inaugural MTV Icon . After parting ways with Virgin she released her tenth studio album , Discipline -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , her first and only album with Island Records . In 2015 she partnered with BMG Rights Management to launch her own record label , Rhythm Nation , and released her eleventh studio album Unbreakable the same year .   Having sold over 100 million records , Jackson is one of the best-selling artists in the history of contemporary music . She has amassed an extensive catalog , with singles such as `` Nasty '' , `` Rhythm Nation '' , `` That 's the Way Love Goes '' , `` Together Again '' and `` All for You '' ; she holds the record for the most consecutive top 10 hits on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart by a female artist with 18 . In 2016 , Billboard placed her number seven on its list of the Hot 100 All-Time Top Artists , and in 2010 ranked her fifth among the `` Top 50 R&B / Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years '' . In December 2016 , the magazine named her the second most successful dance club artist of all-time . One of the world 's most awarded artists , her longevity , records and achievements reflect her influence in shaping and redefining the scope of popular music . She has been cited as an inspiration among numerous performers .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Transformers: The Last Knight's cast includes Tyrese Gibson.", "evidence": "Transformers : The Last Knight is an upcoming American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro . It is the fifth installment of the live-action Transformers film series and a direct sequel to 2014 's Transformers : Age of Extinction . The film was directed by Michael Bay , with Mark Wahlberg and Stanley Tucci reprising their roles from Age of Extinction alongside Josh Duhamel , Tyrese Gibson , and John Turturro from the first three movies . Bay has stated this film marks his final picture in the franchise . The film is set to be released on June 21 , 2017 by Paramount Pictures in 2D , 3D , and IMAX 3D .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There are two television series Morena Baccarin was part of.", "evidence": "Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin -LRB- -LSB- mo\u02c8\u027een\u0250 \u02c8baka\u027e\u0129 -RSB- ; born June 2 , 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian American actress . She is known for portraying Inara Serra in the series Firefly and the follow-up film Serenity , Adria in the series Stargate SG-1 and the follow-up film Stargate : The Ark of Truth , Anna in the 2009 version of the series V , Vanessa in the superhero comedy film Deadpool , and Jessica Brody in the Showtime series Homeland -LRB- for which she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 -RRB- . She plays the role of Dr. Leslie Thompkins in the Fox television series Gotham .  Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War -LRB- Original title \u05d7\u05d8\u05d5\u05e4\u05d9\u05dd Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' -RRB- , which was created by Gideon Raff .   The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper . Mathison had come to believe that Brody , who was held captive by al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war , was `` turned '' by the enemy and poses a threat to the United States .   The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable channel Showtime , and is produced by Fox 21 Television Studios -LRB- formerly Fox 21 -RRB- . It premiered on October 2 , 2011 . The first episode was made available online , more than two weeks before the television broadcast , with viewers having to complete game tasks to gain access . On October 22 , 2013 , Showtime renewed Homeland for a fourth season , which premiered on October 5 , 2014 . On November 10 , 2014 , Showtime renewed the series for a 12-episode fifth season that premiered on October 4 , 2015 . On December 9 , 2015 , the series was renewed for a sixth season . The sixth season debuted on January 15 , 2017 . The series has also been renewed for a seventh and eighth season ; the eighth is planned to be the series ' final season by the creators .   The series has received generally positive reviews , and has won several awards , including the 2012 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series , and the 2011 and 2012 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama , as well as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Damian Lewis and Claire Danes , respectively .  The Ori -LSB- \u02c8\u0252ra\u026a -RSB- are fictional characters in the science fiction television series , Stargate SG-1 . They are a group of `` ascended '' beings who use their advanced technology and knowledge of the universe to attempt to trick non-ascended humans into worshipping them as gods .   They first appeared in the ninth season of Stargate SG-1 , replacing the Goa'uld as the show 's primary antagonists . While the Goa'uld relied on stolen technology from other civilizations to pose as gods , the Ori also have paranormal abilities in addition to very advanced technology . As Ascended beings , they live on a higher plane of existence with great power and knowledge and are as close to being `` gods '' as any non-deific being can be .  The Ori fabricated a religion called Origin , which they use in an attempt to control non-ascended beings . The Ori also attempt to destroy any planets and civilizations that reject Origin .  Firefly is an American space western drama television series created by writer and director Joss Whedon , under his Mutant Enemy Productions label . Whedon served as an executive producer , along with Tim Minear . The series is set in the year 2517 , after the arrival of humans in a new star system and follows the adventures of the renegade crew of Serenity , a `` Firefly-class '' spaceship . The ensemble cast portrays the nine characters who live on Serenity . Whedon pitched the show as `` nine people looking into the blackness of space and seeing nine different things '' .   The show explores the lives of a group of people who fought on the losing side of a civil war and others who now make a living on the fringe of society , as part of the pioneer culture of their star system . In this future , the only two surviving superpowers , the United States and China , fused to form the central federal government , called the Alliance , resulting in the fusion of the two cultures . According to Whedon 's vision , `` nothing will change in the future : technology will advance , but we will still have the same political , moral , and ethical problems as today '' .   Firefly premiered in the U.S. on the Fox network on September 20 , 2002 . By mid-December , Firefly had averaged 4.7 million viewers per episode and was 98th in Nielsen ratings . It was canceled after eleven of the fourteen produced episodes were aired . Despite the relatively short life span of the series , it received strong sales when it was released on DVD and has large fan support campaigns . It won a Primetime Emmy Award in 2003 for Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series . TV Guide ranked the series at No. 5 on their 2013 list of 60 shows that were `` Cancelled Too Soon '' .   The post-airing success of the show led Whedon and Universal Pictures to produce Serenity , a 2005 film which continues from the story of the series , and the Firefly franchise expanded to other media , including comics and a role-playing game .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Naturi Naughton was born in the year of 1984.", "evidence": "Naturi Cora Maria Naughton -LRB- born May 20 , 1984 -RRB- is an American actress and singer-songwriter . Naughton was one-third of the R&B trio 3LW and is known for her acting roles in Fame , Notorious , where she played Lil ' Kim , and The Playboy Club . Naughton was a series regular in season one of the Lifetime television drama series The Client List as Kendra . Naughton stars in the Starz drama Power as Tasha St. Patrick .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paul Pogba has won four nonconsecutive Serie A titles.", "evidence": "Paul Labile Pogba -LRB- born 15 March 1993 -RRB- is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team . He operates primarily as a central midfielder and is comfortable playing both in attack and defence .   After beginning his career with Manchester United in 2011 , Pogba joined Italian side Juventus in 2012 , and helped the club to four consecutive Serie A titles , as well as two Coppa Italia and two Supercoppa Italiana titles . During his time with the club , he established himself as one of the most promising young players in the world , and received the Golden Boy award in 2013 , followed by the Bravo Award in 2014 and was named by The Guardian as one of the ten most promising young players in Europe . In 2016 , Pogba was named to the 2015 UEFA Team of the Year as well as the 2015 FIFA FIFPro World XI , after helping Juventus to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final . Despite leaving Manchester United on a free transfer , Pogba returned to the club in 2016 for a world record transfer fee of $ 105 million -LRB- # 89.3 million -RRB- .   Internationally , at under-20 level , he captained his nation to victory at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup and took home the Best Player award for his performances during the tournament . He made his debut for the senior French national team on 22 March 2013 in a 3 -- 1 win against Georgia , and scored his first World Cup goal on 30 June 2014 against Nigeria ; he was awarded the Best Young Player Award for his performances at the 2014 FIFA World Cup , after reaching the quarter-final . He later represented his nation at UEFA Euro 2016 on home soil , where he scored one goal as his team reached the final .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Mel Gibson's name is Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson.", "evidence": "Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson -LRB- born January 3 , 1956 -RRB- is an American actor and filmmaker . He was born in Peekskill , New York , and moved with his parents to Sydney , Australia , when he was 12 years old .   Gibson is best known as an action hero , for roles such as Martin Riggs in the Lethal Weapon buddy cop film series , and Max Rockatansky in the first three films in the Mad Max post-apocalyptic action series .   He studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art . During the 1980s , he founded Icon Entertainment , a production company which independent film director Atom Egoyan has called , `` an alternative to the studio system '' . Director Peter Weir cast him as one of the leads in the critically acclaimed World War I drama Gallipoli -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , which earned Gibson a Best Actor Award from the Australian Film Institute . The film also helped to earn Gibson the reputation of a serious , versatile actor .   Gibson produced , directed , and starred in the epic historical drama film Braveheart -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , for which he won the Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for Best Director , along with the Academy Award for Best Picture . He later directed and produced the financially successful and controversial , biblical drama film The Passion of the Christ -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . He received further critical notice for his directorial work of the action-adventure film Apocalypto -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , which is set in Mesoamerica during the early 16th century . After a 10-year hiatus from directing , Gibson returned with the critically praised and financially successful Hacksaw Ridge -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , which won the Academy Awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing and earned Gibson his second nomination for Best Director .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "WALL-E is a Golden Globe Award winner.", "evidence": "WALL-E -LRB- stylized with an interpunct as WALL \u00b7 E -RRB- is a 2008 American computer-animated dystopian science fiction comedy film directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton , produced by Jim Morris , and co-written by Jim Reardon . It stars the voices of Ben Burtt , Elissa Knight , Jeff Garlin , Fred Willard , John Ratzenberger , Kathy Najimy , Sigourney Weaver and the MacInTalk system . It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures , and was the overall ninth feature film produced by the company .   After directing Finding Nemo , Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space . WALL-E has minimal dialogue in its early sequences ; many of the characters do not have voices , but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds designed by Ben Burtt . The film criticizes consumerism , corporatism , nostalgia , waste management , human environmental impact and concerns , obesity , and global catastrophic risk . It is also Pixar 's first animated film with segments featuring live-action characters . Following Pixar tradition , WALL-E was paired with a short film titled Presto for its theatrical release .   WALL-E was released in the United States and Canada on June 27 , 2008 , by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It was an instant blockbuster , grossing $ 533.3 million worldwide over a $ 180 million budget , receiving overwhelming acclaim from critics and winning the 2008 Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film , the 2009 Hugo Award for Best Long Form Dramatic Presentation , the final Nebula Award for Best Script , the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film and the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature with five nominations . The film also topped Times `` Best Movies of the Decade '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Generation X has no precise date for its cohort.", "evidence": "Generation X , or Gen X , is the demographic cohort following the baby boomers . There are no precise dates for when this cohort starts or ends ; demographers and researchers typically use starting birth years ranging from the early-to-mid 1960s and ending birth years ranging from the late 1970s to early 1980s . Generation X is a relatively smaller demographic cohort sandwiched between two larger demographic cohorts , the baby boomers and the millennials .   Members of Generation X were children during a time of shifting societal values and as children were sometimes called the `` latchkey generation '' , due to reduced adult supervision compared to previous generations , a result of increasing divorce rates and increased maternal participation in the workforce , prior to widespread availability of childcare options outside of the home . As adolescents and young adults , they were dubbed the `` MTV Generation '' -LRB- a reference to the music video channel of the same name -RRB- and characterized as slackers and as cynical and disaffected . Some of the cultural influences on Gen X youth were the musical genres of grunge and hip hop music , and indie films . In midlife , research describes Gen X adults as active , happy , and as achieving a work -- life balance . The cohort has been credited with entrepreneurial tendencies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Islam is incapable of being a religion.", "evidence": "Islam -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u026asl\u0251\u02d0m -RSB- There are ten pronunciations of Islam in English , differing in whether the first or second syllable has the stress , whether the s is -LSB- slinkz -RSB- or -LSB- slinks -RSB- , and whether the a is pronounced -LSB- slink\u0251\u02d0 -RSB- , -LSB- slink\u00e6 -RSB- or -LRB- when the stress is on the first syllable -RRB- -LSB- slink\u0259 -RSB- -LRB- Merriam Webster -RRB- . The most common are -LSB- \u02c8\u026azl\u0259m , _ \u02c8\u026asl\u0259m , _ \u026az\u02c8l\u0251\u02d0m , _ \u026as\u02c8l\u0251\u02d0m -RSB- -LRB- Oxford English Dictionary , Random House -RRB- and -LSB- \u02c8\u026azl\u0251\u02d0m , _ \u02c8\u026asl\u0251\u02d0m -RSB- -LRB- American Heritage Dictionary -RRB- . \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 , -LSB- al\u0294is\u02c8la\u02d0m -RSB- -RRB- is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion which professes that there is only one and incomparable God -LRB- Allah -RRB- and that Muhammad is the last messenger of God . It is the world 's second-largest religion and the fastest-growing major religion in the world , with over 1.8 billion followers or 24.1 % of the global population , known as Muslims . Islam teaches that God who is merciful , all-powerful , and unique has guided mankind through prophets , revealed scriptures and natural signs . The primary scriptures of Islam are the Quran , viewed by Muslims as the verbatim word of God , and the teachings and normative example -LRB- called the sunnah , composed of accounts called hadith -RRB- of Muhammad -LRB- 570 -- 8 June 632 CE -RRB- .   Muslims believe that Islam is the complete and universal version of a primordial faith that was revealed many times before through prophets including Adam , Abraham , Moses , and Jesus . As for the Quran , Muslims consider it to be the unaltered and final revelation of God . Like other Abrahamic religions , Islam also teaches a final judgment with the righteous rewarded paradise and unrighteous are punished in hell . Religious concepts and practices include the five pillars of Islam , which are obligatory acts of worship , and following Islamic law , which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society , from banking and welfare to women and the environment . The cities of Mecca , Medina and Jerusalem are home to the three holiest sites in Islam .   Islam originated in the early 7th century in Mecca , and by the 8th century the Islamic empire extended from Iberia in the west to the Indus River in the east . The Islamic Golden Age refers to the period traditionally dated from the 8th century to the 13th century when much of the historically Islamic world was experiencing a scientific , economic and cultural flourishing . The expansion of the Muslim world involved various caliphates and empires , traders and conversion to Islam by missionary activities .   Most Muslims are of one of two denominations : Sunni -LRB- 75 -- 90 % -RRB- or Shia -LRB- 10 -- 20 % -RRB- . About 13 % of Muslims live in Indonesia , the largest Muslim-majority country , 31 % in South Asia , the largest population of Muslims in the world , 23 % in the Middle East-North Africa , where it is the dominant religion , and 15 % in Sub-Saharan Africa . Sizable Muslim communities are also found in the Americas , Caucasus , China , Europe , Mainland Southeast Asia , Philippines and Russia . Converts and immigrant communities are found in almost every part of the world .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jackie Chan has released an album.", "evidence": "Chan Kong-sang , SBS , MBE , PMW , -LRB- -LSB- ; born 7 April 1954 -RRB- , known professionally as Jackie Chan , is a Hong Kong martial artist , actor , film director , producer , stuntman , and singer . In his movies , he is known for his acrobatic fighting style , comic timing , use of improvised weapons , and innovative stunts , which he typically performs himself . He has trained in Kung Fu and Hapkido . He has been acting since the 1960s and has appeared in over 150 films .   Chan has received stars on the Hong Kong Avenue of Stars , and the Hollywood Walk of Fame . He has been referenced in various pop songs , cartoons , and video games . He is an operatically trained vocalist and is also a Cantopop and Mandopop star , having released a number of albums and sung many of the theme songs for the films in which he has starred . He is also a notable philanthropist . In 2015 , Forbes magazine estimated his net worth to be $ 350 million .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Estimates of the number of species on Earth today vary widely, and most of those species have not been described.", "evidence": "Earth -LRB- from Eor\u00f0e -LSB- \u0393\u03b1\u1fd6\u03b1 , Gaia -RSB- Terra -RRB- , otherwise known as the World or the Globe , is the third planet from the Sun and the only object in the Universe known to harbor life . It is the densest planet in the Solar System and the largest of the four terrestrial planets .   According to radiometric dating and other sources of evidence , Earth formed about 4.54 billion years ago . Earth 's gravity interacts with other objects in space , especially the Sun and the Moon , Earth 's only natural satellite . During one orbit around the Sun , Earth rotates about its axis over 365 times ; thus , an Earth year is about 365.26 days long . Earth 's axis of rotation is tilted , producing seasonal variations on the planet 's surface . The gravitational interaction between the Earth and Moon causes ocean tides , stabilizes the Earth 's orientation on its axis , and gradually slows its rotation .   Earth 's lithosphere is divided into several rigid tectonic plates that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years . About 71 % of Earth 's surface is covered with water , mostly by its oceans . The remaining 29 % is land consisting of continents and islands that together have many lakes , rivers and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere . The majority of Earth 's polar regions are covered in ice , including the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice of the Arctic ice pack . Earth 's interior remains active with a solid iron inner core , a liquid outer core that generates the Earth 's magnetic field , and a convecting mantle that drives plate tectonics .   Within the first billion years of Earth 's history , life appeared in the oceans and began to affect the Earth 's atmosphere and surface , leading to the proliferation of aerobic and anaerobic organisms . Some geological evidence indicates that life may have arisen as much as 4.1 billion years ago . Since then , the combination of Earth 's distance from the Sun , physical properties , and geological history have allowed life to evolve and thrive . In the history of the Earth , biodiversity has gone through long periods of expansion , occasionally punctuated by mass extinction events . Over 99 % of all species that ever lived on Earth are extinct . Estimates of the number of species on Earth today vary widely ; most species have not been described . Over 7.4 billion humans live on Earth and depend on its biosphere and minerals for their survival . Humans have developed diverse societies and cultures ; politically , the world has about 200 sovereign states .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Larry Junstrom is an American citizen.", "evidence": "Lawrence E. `` Larry '' Junstrom -LRB- born June 22 , 1949 -RRB- is an American bassist , best known for having been in rock band 38 Special from 1977 until 2014 . He was also one of the founding members of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Canada possesses a constitution.", "evidence": "Canada -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u00e6n\u0259d\u0259 -RSB- -LSB- kanad\u0251 -RSB- -RRB- is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area . Canada 's border with the United States is the world 's longest binational land border . The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate , but southerly areas are warm in summer . Canada is sparsely populated , the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains . It is highly urbanized with 82 per cent of the 35.15 million people concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , many near the southern border . One third of the population lives in the three largest cities : Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver . Its capital is Ottawa , and other major urban areas include Calgary , Edmonton , Quebec City , Winnipeg and Hamilton .   Various aboriginal peoples had inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years prior to European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France . As a consequence of various conflicts , Great Britain gained and lost territories within British North America until it was left , in the late 18th century , with what mostly geographically comprises Canada today . Pursuant to the British North America Act , on July 1 , 1867 , the colonies of Canada , New Brunswick , and Nova Scotia joined to form the semi-autonomous federal Dominion of Canada . This began an accretion of provinces and territories to the mostly self-governing Dominion to the present ten provinces and three territories forming modern Canada .   In 1931 , Canada achieved near total independence from the United Kingdom with the Statute of Westminster 1931 , but at the time , Canada decided to allow the British Parliament to temporarily retain the power to amend Canada 's constitution , on request from the Parliament of Canada . With the Constitution Act 1982 , Canada took over that authority -LRB- as the conclusion of Patriation -RRB- , removing the last remaining ties of legal dependence on the Parliament of the United Kingdom , giving the country full sovereignty .   Canada is a federal parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy , with Queen Elizabeth II being the head of state . The country is officially bilingual at the federal level . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , the product of large-scale immigration from many other countries . Its advanced economy is the eleventh largest in the world , relying chiefly upon its abundant natural resources and well-developed international trade networks . Canada 's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture .   Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the ninth highest ranking in the Human Development Index . It ranks among the highest in international measurements of government transparency , civil liberties , quality of life , economic freedom , and education . Canada is a Commonwealth realm member of the Commonwealth of Nations , a member of the Francophonie , and part of several major international and intergovernmental institutions or groupings including the United Nations , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , the G8 , the Group of Ten , the G20 , the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum .  The Constitution Act , 1982 -LRB- Schedule B of the Parliament of the United Kingdom 's Canada Act 1982 -RRB- is a part of the Constitution of Canada . The act was introduced as part of Canada 's process of patriating the constitution , introducing several amendments to the British North America Act , 1867 , and changing the latter 's name in Canada to the Constitution Act , 1867 .   This process was necessary because after the Statute of Westminster , 1931 , Canada decided to allow the British Parliament to temporarily retain the power to amend Canada 's constitution , on request from the Parliament of Canada . In 1982 , the Parliament of Canada requested that the Parliament of Great Britain remove that authority from the UK . The passing of the UK 's Canada Act , 1982 in March 1982 confirmed the Patriation of the Constitution . This UK Act replaced the British North America Act , transferring to Canada the power of amending its own Constitution .   On April 17 , 1982 , Queen Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau signed Canada 's Proclamation of the Constitution Act , 1982 . The proclamation confirmed that Canada had formally assumed authority over its constitution , the final step to full sovereignty . The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms forms the first thirty-five sections -LRB- counting Section 16.1 and not counting Section 35 -RRB- of the Constitution Act , 1982 .   As of 2017 , the government of Quebec has never formally approved of the enactment of the act , though formal consent was never necessary . Nonetheless , it has remained a persistent political issue in Quebec . The Meech Lake and Charlottetown Accords were designed to secure approval from Quebec , but both efforts failed to do so .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sophie Turner acted in The Thirteenth Tale.", "evidence": "Sophie Turner -LRB- born 21 February 1996 -RRB- is an English actress . Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones -LRB- 2011 -- present -RRB- , which brought her international recognition and critical praise . For her performance , she has received four nominations for Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series , as well as a Young Artist Award nomination for Best Supporting Young Actress in a TV Series .   Turner has also starred in the television film The Thirteenth Tale -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and she made her feature film debut in Another Me -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . She has also starred in the action comedy Barely Lethal -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and played Jean Grey / Phoenix in the X-Men film series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Renaissance is known for its cultural developments.", "evidence": "The Renaissance -LRB- -LSB- r\u1d7b\u02c8ne\u026as\u0259ns -RSB- , -LSB- r\u025bn\u0259\u02c8s\u0251\u02d0ns -RSB- -RRB- was a period in European history , from the 14th to the 17th century , regarded as the cultural bridge between the Middle Ages and modern history . It started as a cultural movement in Italy in the Late Medieval period and later spread to the rest of Europe , marking the beginning of the Early Modern Age .   The intellectual basis of the Renaissance was its own invented version of humanism , derived from the rediscovery of classical Greek philosophy , such as that of Protagoras , who said that `` Man is the measure of all things . '' This new thinking became manifest in art , architecture , politics , science and literature . Early examples were the development of perspective in oil painting and the recycled knowledge of how to make concrete . Although the invention of metal movable type sped the dissemination of ideas from the later 15th century , the changes of the Renaissance were not uniformly experienced across Europe .   As a cultural movement , the Renaissance encompassed innovative flowering of Latin and vernacular literatures , beginning with the 14th-century resurgence of learning based on classical sources , which contemporaries credited to Petrarch ; the development of linear perspective and other techniques of rendering a more natural reality in painting ; and gradual but widespread educational reform . In politics , the Renaissance contributed to the development of the customs and conventions of diplomacy , and in science to an increased reliance on observation and inductive reasoning . Although the Renaissance saw revolutions in many intellectual pursuits , as well as social and political upheaval , it is perhaps best known for its artistic developments and the contributions of such polymaths as Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo , who inspired the term `` Renaissance man '' .   The Renaissance began in Florence , in the 14th century . Various theories have been proposed to account for its origins and characteristics , focusing on a variety of factors including the social and civic peculiarities of Florence at the time : its political structure ; the patronage of its dominant family , the Medici ; and the migration of Greek scholars and texts to Italy following the Fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Turks . Other major centres were northern Italian city-states such as Venice , Genoa , Milan , Bologna , and finally Rome during the Renaissance Papacy .   The Renaissance has a long and complex historiography , and , in line with general scepticism of discrete periodizations , there has been much debate among historians reacting to the 19th-century glorification of the `` Renaissance '' and individual culture heroes as `` Renaissance men '' , questioning the usefulness of Renaissance as a term and as a historical delineation . The art historian Erwin Panofsky observed of this resistance to the concept of `` Renaissance '' :   It is perhaps no accident that the factuality of the Italian Renaissance has been most vigorously questioned by those who are not obliged to take a professional interest in the aesthetic aspects of civilization -- historians of economic and social developments , political and religious situations , and , most particularly , natural science -- but only exceptionally by students of literature and hardly ever by historians of Art .   Some observers have called into question whether the Renaissance was a cultural `` advance '' from the Middle Ages , instead seeing it as a period of pessimism and nostalgia for classical antiquity , while social and economic historians , especially of the longue dur\u00e9e , have instead focused on the continuity between the two eras , which are linked , as Panofsky observed , `` by a thousand ties '' .   The word Renaissance , literally meaning `` Rebirth '' in French , first appeared in English in the 1830s . The word also occurs in Jules Michelet 's 1855 work , Histoire de France . The word Renaissance has also been extended to other historical and cultural movements , such as the Carolingian Renaissance and the Renaissance of the 12th century .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pluto is not relatively small.", "evidence": "Pluto -LRB- minor-planet designation : 134340 Pluto -RRB- is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt , a ring of bodies beyond Neptune . It was the first Kuiper belt object to be discovered .   Pluto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930 and was originally considered to be the ninth planet from the Sun . After 1992 , its planethood was questioned following the discovery of several objects of similar size in the Kuiper belt . In 2005 , Eris , a dwarf planet in the scattered disc which is 27 % more massive than Pluto , was discovered . This led the International Astronomical Union -LRB- IAU -RRB- to define the term `` planet '' formally in 2006 , during their 26th General Assembly . That definition excluded Pluto and reclassified it as a dwarf planet .   Pluto is the largest and second-most-massive known dwarf planet in the Solar System and the ninth-largest and tenth-most-massive known object directly orbiting the Sun . It is the largest known trans-Neptunian object by volume but is less massive than Eris . Like other Kuiper belt objects , Pluto is primarily made of ice and rock and is relatively small -- about one-sixth the mass of the Moon and one-third its volume . It has a moderately eccentric and inclined orbit during which it ranges from 30 to 49 astronomical units or AU -LRB- 4.4 -- 7.4 billion km -RRB- from the Sun . This means that Pluto periodically comes closer to the Sun than Neptune , but a stable orbital resonance with Neptune prevents them from colliding . Light from the Sun takes about 5.5 hours to reach Pluto at its average distance -LRB- 39.5 AU -RRB- .   Pluto has five known moons : Charon -LRB- the largest , with a diameter just over half that of Pluto -RRB- , Styx , Nix , Kerberos , and Hydra . Pluto and Charon are sometimes considered a binary system because the barycenter of their orbits does not lie within either body .   On July 14 , 2015 , the New Horizons spacecraft became the first spacecraft to fly by Pluto . During its brief flyby , New Horizons made detailed measurements and observations of Pluto and its moons . In September 2016 , astronomers announced that the reddish-brown cap of the north pole of Charon is composed of tholins , organic macromolecules that may be ingredients for the emergence of life , and produced from methane , nitrogen and other gases released from the atmosphere of Pluto and transferred about 19,000 km to the orbiting moon .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Steve Buscemi has appeared in many films by the Coen Brothers, such as Fargo.", "evidence": "Steven Vincent Buscemi -LRB- -LSB- bu\u02d0\u02c8s\u025bmi -RSB- born December 13 , 1957 -RRB- is an American actor and film director . Buscemi has starred and supported in successful Hollywood and indie films , including Parting Glances , New York Stories , Mystery Train , Reservoir Dogs , Desperado , Con Air , Armageddon , The Grey Zone , Ghost World , Big Fish , and The Sopranos . He is also known for his appearances in many films by the Coen brothers : Miller 's Crossing , Barton Fink , The Hudsucker Proxy , Fargo , and The Big Lebowski . Buscemi provides the voice of Randall Boggs in the Monsters , Inc. franchise .   From 2010 to 2014 , he portrayed Enoch `` Nucky '' Thompson in the critically acclaimed series Boardwalk Empire , which earned him two Screen Actors Guild Awards , a Golden Globe , and two nominations for an Emmy Award . He made his directorial debut in 1996 , with Trees Lounge , in which he also starred . Other works include Animal Factory -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Lonesome Jim -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Interview -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . He has also directed numerous episodes of TV shows , including Homicide : Life on the Street , The Sopranos , Oz , 30 Rock , and Nurse Jackie . He currently hosts the Emmy Award-winning AOL On comedy talk-show Park Bench .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tyler Joseph is an ex-member of Twenty One Pilots.", "evidence": "Twenty One Pilots -LRB- stylized as TWENTY \u00d8NE PIL\u00d8TS -RRB- is an American musical duo originating from Columbus , Ohio . The band was formed in 2009 by lead vocalist Tyler Joseph along with former members Nick Thomas and Chris Salih , who eventually left in 2011 , and currently consists of Joseph and drummer Josh Dun . The duo rose to fame in the mid -- 2010s after several years of touring and independent releases .   They put out two self-released albums , Twenty One Pilots in 2009 and Regional at Best in 2011 , before being signed by Fueled by Ramen in 2012 . Their label debut , Vessel , was released in 2013 . The duo achieved breakthrough success with their fourth album , Blurryface -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , which produced the successful singles `` Stressed Out '' and `` Ride '' . In addition , the single `` Heathens '' , recorded for the soundtrack of the film Suicide Squad , made the group the first alternative artist to have two concurrent top ten singles in the U.S. . The duo has won a Grammy Award for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Selena Gomez has more followers than anyone else in the world.", "evidence": "Selena Marie Gomez -LRB- -LSB- s\u0259\u02c8li\u02d0n\u0259_m\u0259\u02c8\u0279i\u02d0_\u02c8\u0261o\u028am\u025bz -RSB- ; -LSB- se\u02c8lena \u02c8\u0263omes -RSB- ; born July 22 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actress and singer . Having appeared in the children 's television series Barney & Friends while growing up , she rose to fame playing the role of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place -LRB- 2007 -- 2012 -RRB- .   In 2008 , she signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records and formed her band Selena Gomez & the Scene . The band released three studio albums and produced four top 30 singles by 2011 . Gomez also formed her own production company in 2008 , July Moon Productions ; she serves as an executive producer on the Netflix original series 13 Reasons Why , which released in March 2017 .   Between 2009 and 2011 , Gomez starred in films such as Princess Protection Program , Ramona and Beezus , and Monte Carlo , and took on a more mature role in Spring Breakers -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . Gomez also took her singing career in a different direction , with the release of her first solo album Stars Dance -LRB- 2013 -RRB- ; the album debuted atop the Billboard 200 in the United States and included the top ten single `` Come & Get It . '' Gomez released a compilation album in 2014 as her fifth and final release through Hollywood Records , which was preceded by her second top ten single `` The Heart Wants What It Wants '' , and signed a new recording contract with Interscope Records .   In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States . Gomez has also starred in the films The Fundamentals of Caring -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , In Dubious Battle -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and in the Hotel Transylvania films .   Since the start of her singing career , she has gone on to sell over 7 million albums and 22 million singles worldwide , according to Billboard . Gomez has earned a number of awards and nominations for her work as an actress and singer , and has won a Billboard Women in Music award , an MTV Video Music Award , an American Music Award , and fifteen Teen Choice Awards . As of November 2016 , Gomez is the most-followed Instagram user in the world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Big Boi is only a member of Norwegian metal bands.", "evidence": "Antwan Andr\u00e9 Patton -LRB- born February 1 , 1975 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Big Boi , is an American rapper , songwriter , actor and record producer , best known for being a member of American hip hop duo Outkast alongside Andr\u00e9 3000 . His work in the duo has produced six studio albums . Big Boi 's solo debut Sir Lucious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty was released in July 2010 to respectable sales and critical acclaim . He released his sophomore studio album , Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors in 2012 , and is set to released his third studio album , Boomiverse , in June 2017 .  Outkast -LRB- stylized as OutKast -RRB- is an American hip hop duo formed in 1991 , in East Point , Atlanta , Georgia , composed of Atlanta-based rappers Andr\u00e9 `` Andr\u00e9 3000 '' Benjamin -LRB- formerly known as Dr\u00e9 -RRB- and Antwan `` Big Boi '' Patton . The duo achieved both critical acclaim and commercial success in the 1990s and early 2000s , helping to popularize Southern hip hop while developing distinctive personas and experimenting with diverse genres such as funk , psychedelia , techno , and gospel .   Benjamin and Patton formed the group as high school students in 1991 . OutKast released their debut album Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik in 1994 , which gained popularity after the single `` Player 's Ball '' reached number one on the Billboard Hot Rap Tracks chart . With successive releases including ATLiens -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and Aquemini -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , the duo further developed their sound , experimenting with a variety of styles and achieving commercial success . In 2000 , Outkast released the critically acclaimed Stankonia , which included the singles `` Ms. Jackson '' and `` B.O.B. ''   In 2003 , the duo released the double album Speakerboxxx/The Love Below , which featured the number one singles `` Hey Ya ! '' and `` The Way You Move . '' The album would eventually win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year and was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America . Outkast next released the soundtrack for the 2006 musical film Idlewild , which they also starred in . In 2007 , the duo went on hiatus and both members have since pursued solo careers . In 2014 , Outkast reunited to celebrate their 20th anniversary by performing at more than 40 festivals worldwide in 2014 , beginning at the Coachella Festival in April .   The duo is one of the most successful hip-hop groups of all time , having received six Grammy Awards . Between six studio albums and a greatest hits release , Outkast has sold over 25 million records . Meanwhile , they have garnered widespread critical acclaim , with publications such as Rolling Stone and Pitchfork Media listing albums such as Aquemini and Stankonia among the best of their era .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Priyanka Chopra was born in the 1900's.", "evidence": "Priyanka Chopra -LRB- -LSB- pr\u026a\u02c8ja\u02d0\u014bka\u02d0 \u02c8t\u0283o\u02d0p\u027da\u02d0 -RSB- ; born 18 July 1982 -RRB- is an Indian actress , singer , film producer , philanthropist , and the winner of the Miss World 2000 pageant . One of India 's highest-paid and most popular celebrities , Chopra has received numerous awards , including a National Film Award and five Filmfare Awards . In 2016 , the Government of India honoured her with the Padma Shri , the fourth highest civilian award , and Time magazine named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world . In 2017 , she has been honoured with Dadasaheb Phalke Award - India 's highest award in cinema , becoming the first actress to win in the category `` International Acclaimed Actress Award '' .   Although Chopra initially aspired to study aeronautical engineering , she accepted offers to join the Indian film industry , which came as a result of her pageant wins , making her Bollywood debut in The Hero -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . She played the leading lady in the box-office hits Andaaz -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and Mujhse Shaadi Karogi -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and earned praise for her breakout role in the 2004 thriller Aitraaz . In 2006 , Chopra established herself as a leading actress of Indian cinema with starring roles in the top-grossing productions Krrish and Don .   Following a brief setback , she received critical acclaim for playing a troubled model in the drama Fashion -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which won her the Filmfare and National Film Award for Best Actress . Chopra subsequently gained wider recognition for portraying a range of characters in the films Kaminey -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , 7 Khoon Maaf -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Barfi ! -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Mary Kom -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Dil Dhadakne Do -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Bajirao Mastani -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , all of which garnered her several awards and nominations . In 2015 , she began starring as Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller series Quantico , becoming the first South Asian to headline an American network series .   In addition to her acting career , Chopra is noted for her philanthropic work . She has worked with UNICEF for the last ten years and was appointed as the national and global UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador for Child Rights in 2010 and 2016 respectively . She promotes various causes such as environment , health and education , and women 's rights and is particularly vocal about gender equality and feminism . Chopra 's off-screen life is the subject of substantial media coverage . As a recording artist , she has released three singles . She is also the founder of the production company Purple Pebble Pictures , which released the acclaimed Marathi comedy-drama Ventilator -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "On March 27, 1963, Quentin Tarantino was born.", "evidence": "Quentin Jerome Tarantino -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u00e6r\u0259n\u02c8ti\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born March 27 , 1963 -RRB- is an American director , writer , and actor . His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines , satirical subject matter , an aestheticization of violence , extended scenes of dialogue , ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers , references to popular culture , soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and features of neo-noir film . He is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation .   His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance . In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire . Its popularity was boosted by his second film , Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , a black comedy crime film that was a major success both among critics and audiences . Judged the greatest film from 1983 -- 2008 by Entertainment Weekly , many critics and scholars have named it one of the most significant works of modern cinema . For his next effort , Tarantino paid homage to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s with Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch .   Kill Bill , a highly stylized `` revenge flick '' in the cinematic traditions of Kung fu films , Japanese martial arts , Spaghetti Westerns and Italian horror , followed six years later , and was released as two films : Volume 1 in 2003 and Volume 2 in 2004 . Tarantino directed Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as part of a double feature with friend Robert Rodriguez , under the collective title Grindhouse . His long-postponed Inglourious Basterds , which tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany 's political leadership , was released in 2009 to positive reviews . After that came 2012 's critically acclaimed Django Unchained , a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South . It became the highest-grossing film of his career so far , making over $ 425 million at the box office . His eighth film , the mystery Western The Hateful Eight , was released in its roadshow version December 25 , 2015 , in 70 mm film format , complete with opening `` overture '' and halfway-point intermission , after the fashion of big-budget films of the 1960s and early 1970s .   Tarantino 's films have garnered both critical and commercial success . He has received many industry awards , including two Academy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , two BAFTA Awards and the Palme d'Or , and has been nominated for an Emmy and a Grammy . He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World by Time in 2005 . Filmmaker and historian Peter Bogdanovich has called him `` the single most influential director of his generation '' . In December 2015 , Tarantino received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the film industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tate Ellington appeared in Quantico.", "evidence": "James Tate Ellington -LRB- born 1979 -RRB- is an American actor . He portrayed Aidan Hall , the best friend of Tyler Hawkins -LRB- Robert Pattinson -RRB- in the 2010 romantic drama film Remember Me . Ellington starred as Oliver Hunt in The Elephant King -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and has appeared in television shows such as The Unusuals , Rescue Me , The Good Wife , and Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 . He appeared in the 2009 Broadway production of The Philanthropist , which starred Matthew Broderick . He is best known for his role as FBI recruit Simon Asher on the ABC thriller Quantico .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mr. Sunshine is from the Northern Hemisphere.", "evidence": "Mr. Sunshine is an American television sitcom that aired from February 9 to April 6 , 2011 , as a mid-season replacement . The single-camera comedy was co-created by Matthew Perry , who also starred in the series . ABC cancelled the series on May 13 , 2011 due to low ratings .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dolly Parton isn't an actress.", "evidence": "Dolly Rebecca Parton Dean -LRB- born January 19 , 1946 -RRB- , professionally known as Dolly Parton , is an American singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , record producer , actress , author , businesswoman , and philanthropist , known primarily for her work in country music . After achieving success as a songwriter for others , Dolly Parton made her album debut in 1967 , with her album Hello , I 'm Dolly . With steady success during the remainder of the 1960s -LRB- both as a solo artist and with a series of duet albums with Porter Wagoner -RRB- , her sales and chart peak came during the 1970s and continuing into the 1980s ; Parton 's subsequent albums in the later part of the 1990s were lower in sales . However , in the new millennium , Parton achieved commercial success again and has released albums on independent labels since 2000 , including albums on her own label , Dolly Records .   Parton is the most honored female country performer of all time . Achieving 25 Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- certified Gold , Platinum , and Multi-Platinum awards , she has had 25 songs reach No. 1 on the Billboard country music charts , a record for a female artist -LRB- tied with Reba McEntire -RRB- . She has 41 career top 10 country albums , a record for any artist , and she has 110 career charted singles over the past 40 years . All-inclusive sales of singles , albums , hits collections , and digital downloads during her career have topped 100 million worldwide . She has garnered nine Grammy Awards , two Academy Award nominations , ten Country Music Association Awards , seven Academy of Country Music Awards , three American Music Awards , and is one of only seven female artists to win the Country Music Association 's Entertainer of the Year Award . Parton has received 47 Grammy nominations .   In 1999 , Parton was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame . She has composed over 3,000 songs , notably `` I Will Always Love You '' -LRB- a two-time U.S. country chart-topper for Parton , as well as an international pop hit for Whitney Houston -RRB- , `` Jolene '' , `` Coat of Many Colors '' , and `` 9 to 5 '' . She is also one of the few to have received at least one nomination from the Academy Awards , Grammy Awards , Tony Awards , and Emmy Awards . As an actress , she starred in films such as 9 to 5 , The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas , Rhinestone , and Steel Magnolias .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Amanda Show was the first female-created show on Nickelodeon.", "evidence": "The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon in April 4 , 1999 as a pilot , then as a regular series from October 16 , 1999 to September 21 , 2002 . It starred Amanda Bynes , Drake Bell and Nancy Sullivan , and featured John Kassir , Raquel Lee , and Josh Peck . The show was a spin-off from All That , in which Bynes had co-starred for several years . The show was cancelled at the end of 2002 . Writers for the show included Schneider , John Hoberg , Steven Molaro , and Andrew Hill Newman .   Two years after the end of The Amanda Show , Dan Schneider created a new series , called Drake & Josh , featuring Drake Bell , Josh Peck and Nancy Sullivan .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The 19th G7 summit only included Russia.", "evidence": "The 19th G7 Summit was held in Tokyo , Japan , on July 7 -- 9 , 1993 . The venue for the summit meetings was the State Guesthouse in Tokyo , Japan .   The Group of Seven -LRB- G7 -RRB- was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada -LRB- since 1976 -RRB- and the President of the European Commission -LRB- starting officially in 1981 -RRB- . The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions ; and in fact , a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France 's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany 's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six -LRB- G6 -RRB- summit in 1975 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ethiopia has bodies of water can be described as rivers.", "evidence": "Ethiopia -LRB- -LSB- \u02cci\u02d0\u03b8i\u02c8o\u028api\u0259 -RSB- \u12a2\u1275\u12ee\u1335\u12eb , , -RRB- , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia -LRB- \u12e8\u12a2\u1275\u12ee\u1335\u12eb \u134c\u12f4\u122b\u120b\u12ca \u12f2\u121e\u12ad\u122b\u1232\u12eb\u12ca \u122a\u1350\u1265\u120a\u12ad , ye\u02be\u012atiyo\u1e57\u1e57ya F\u0113d\u0113ralaw\u012b D\u0113mokiras\u012byaw\u012b R\u012bpebil\u012bk -RRB- , is a country located in the Horn of Africa . It shares borders with Eritrea to the north and northeast , Djibouti and Somalia to the east , Sudan and South Sudan to the west , and Kenya to the south . With over 100 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world , as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria . It occupies a total area of 1,100,000 km2 , and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa .   Some of the oldest evidence for anatomically modern humans has been found in Ethiopia . It is widely considered as the region from which modern humans first set out for the Middle East and places beyond . According to linguists , the first Afroasiatic-speaking populations settled in the Horn region during the ensuing Neolithic era . Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC , Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history . During the first centuries AD , the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region , followed by the Ethiopian Empire circa 1137 . Ethiopia derived prestige with its uniquely successful military resistance during the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa , becoming the only African country to defeat a European colonial power and retain its sovereignty . Subsequently , many African nations adopted the colors of Ethiopia 's flag following their independence . It was the first independent African member of the 20th-century League of Nations and the United Nations . In 1974 , at the end of Haile Selassie 's reign , power fell to a communist military dictatorship known as the Derg , backed by the Soviet Union , until it was defeated by the Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front , which has ruled since about the time of the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .   Ethiopia 's ancient Ge'ez script , also known as Ethiopic , is one of the oldest alphabets still in use in the world . The Ethiopian calendar , which is approximately seven years and three months behind the Gregorian calendar , co-exists alongside the Borana calendar . A majority of the population adheres to Christianity -LRB- mainly the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church and P'ent ` ay -RRB- , while around a third follows Islam -LRB- primarily Sunni Islam -RRB- . The country is the site of the Migration to Abyssinia and the oldest Muslim settlement in Africa at Negash . A substantial population of Ethiopian Jews , known as Bete Israel , resided in Ethiopia until the 1980s , but most of them have since emigrated to Israel . Ethiopia is a multilingual nation with around 80 ethnolinguistic groups , the four largest of which are the Oromiffa , Amhara , Somali , and Tigrayans . Most people in the country speak Afroasiatic languages of the Cushitic or Semitic branches . Additionally , Omotic languages are spoken by ethnic minority groups inhabiting the southern regions . Nilo-Saharan languages are also spoken by the nation 's Nilotic ethnic minorities .   Ethiopia is the place of origin for the coffee bean which originated from the place called Kefa -LRB- which was one of the 14 provinces in the old Ethiopian administration -RRB- . It is a land of natural contrasts , with its vast fertile West , jungles , and numerous rivers , and the world 's hottest settlement of Dallol in its north . The Ethiopian Highlands are Africa 's largest continuous mountain ranges , and Sof Omar Caves contain Africa 's largest cave . Ethiopia has the most UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Africa .   Ethiopia is one of the founding members of the UN , the Group of 24 -LRB- G-24 -RRB- , the Non-Aligned Movement , G-77 and the Organisation of African Unity . Ethiopia 's capital city Addis Ababa serves as the headquarters of the African Union , the Pan African Chamber of Commerce and Industry , the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa , African Aviation Training HQ , the African Standby Force , and many of the global NGOs focused on Africa . In the 1970s and 1980s , Ethiopia suffered from civil wars and communist purges which devastated its economy . The country has begun to recover recently however , and now has the largest economy -LRB- by GDP -RRB- in East Africa and Central Africa . According to Global Fire Power , Ethiopia has the 42nd most powerful military in the world , and the third most powerful in Africa .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ted Kaczynski grew up in Texas.", "evidence": "Theodore John Kaczynski -LRB- -LSB- k\u0259\u02c8z\u026anski -RSB- born May 22 , 1942 -RRB- , also known as the `` Unabomber '' , is an American serial killer , domestic terrorist , and self-professed anarchist . A mathematical prodigy , he abandoned a promising academic career in 1969 , then between 1978 and 1995 killed three people , and injured 23 others , in a nationwide bombing campaign targeting people involved with modern technology . In conjunction with this campaign he issued a wide-ranging social critique opposing industrialization and modern technology , and advancing a nature-centered form of anarchism .   Kaczynski was born and raised in Evergreen Park , Illinois . While growing up in Evergreen Park he was a child prodigy , excelling academically from an early age . Kaczynski was accepted into Harvard University at the age of 16 , where he earned an undergraduate degree . He subsequently earned a PhD in mathematics from the University of Michigan . He became an assistant professor at the University of California , Berkeley in 1967 at age 25 . He resigned two years later .   As a Harvard undergraduate , Kaczynski was among twenty-two students who were research subjects in ethically questionable experiments conducted by psychology professor Henry Murray from late 1959 to early 1962 .   In 1971 , he moved to a remote cabin without electricity or running water in Lincoln , Montana , where he lived as a recluse while learning survival skills in an attempt to become self-sufficient . Seventeen years after beginning his mail bomb campaign , Kaczynski sent a letter to The New York Times on April 24 , 1995 and promised `` to desist from terrorism '' if the Times or The Washington Post published his manifesto , Industrial Society and Its Future -LRB- the `` Unabomber Manifesto '' -RRB- , in which he argued that his bombings were extreme but necessary to attract attention to the erosion of human freedom necessitated by modern technologies requiring large-scale organization .   The Unabomber was the target of one of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's costliest investigations . Before Kaczynski 's identity was known , the FBI used the title `` UNABOM '' -LRB- UNiversity & Airline BOMber -RRB- to refer to his case , which resulted in the media calling him the Unabomber . The FBI -LRB- as well as Attorney General Janet Reno -RRB- pushed for the publication of Kaczynski 's `` Manifesto '' , which led to his sister-in-law , and then his brother , recognizing Kaczynski 's style of writing and beliefs from the manifesto , and tipping off the FBI . Kaczynski tried unsuccessfully to dismiss his court-appointed lawyers because they wanted to plead insanity in order to avoid the death penalty , as Kaczynski did not believe he was insane . When it became clear that his pending trial would entail national television exposure for Kaczynski , the court entered a plea agreement , under which he pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison with no possibility of parole . He has been designated a `` domestic terrorist '' by the FBI . Some anarcho-primitivist authors , such as John Zerzan and John Moore , have come to his defense , while also holding some reservations about his actions and ideas .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Keith Urban has put out no fewer than nine studio records.", "evidence": "Keith Lionel Urban -LRB- born 26 October 1967 -RRB- is a New Zealand-born Australian country musician . In 1991 , he released a self-titled debut album and charted four singles in Australia before moving to the United States the following year . He found work as a session guitarist before starting a band known as The Ranch , which recorded one studio album on Capitol Nashville and charted two singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .   Still signed to Capitol , Urban made his solo American debut in 1999 with a second eponymous album . Certified platinum in the US , it produced his first number one on Hot Country Songs with `` But for the Grace of God '' . `` Somebody Like You '' , the first single from his second Capitol album , Golden Road -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , was named by Billboard as the biggest country hit of the 2000s decade . The album 's fourth single , `` You 'll Think of Me '' , earned him his first Grammy . 2004 's Be Here , his third American album , produced three more number 1 singles and became his highest-selling album , earning 4 \u00d7 Platinum certification . Love , Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing was released in 2006 , containing `` Once in a Lifetime '' as well as his second Grammy song , `` Stupid Boy '' . A greatest hits package entitled Greatest Hits : 18 Kids followed in late 2007 . Defying Gravity and Get Closer were released on 31 March 2009 and 16 November 2010 , respectively . In September 2013 , he released a brand new album titled Fuse , which produced four more number ones on the Country Airplay chart , two of which are duets -- one with Miranda Lambert and the other with Eric Church . A new single , entitled `` John Cougar , John Deere , John 3:16 '' , was released in June 2015 as the lead-off single to his eighth American studio album Ripcord . The album later produced the Country Airplay number one hits '' Break on Me '' , `` Wasted Time '' and `` Blue Ai n't Your Color '' , with the latter also becoming Urban 's longest reigning number one on the Hot Country Songs chart spending twelve weeks at number one .   Urban has released a total of nine studio albums -LRB- one of which was released only in the United Kingdom -RRB- , as well as one album with The Ranch . He has charted 37 singles on the US Hot Country Songs , 18 of which went to number one , counting a duet with Brad Paisley and the 2008 single `` You Look Good in My Shirt '' , which he previously recorded on Golden Road . Those also include his third Grammy Award-winning single `` Sweet Thing '' from his album Defying Gravity .   Urban is also known for his roles as a coach on the Australian version of the singing competition The Voice and as a judge on American Idol . Since 2006 , he has been married to actress Nicole Kidman . In October 2013 , Urban introduced his own signature line of guitars and accessories .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eminem has an album.", "evidence": "Marshall Bruce Mathers III -LRB- born October 17 , 1972 -RRB- , known professionally as Eminem -LRB- often stylized as EMIN\u018eM -RRB- , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor . Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States . Throughout his career , he has had 10 number-one albums on the Billboard 200 and five number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 . With US sales of 45.1 million albums and 42 million tracks as of June 2014 , Eminem is the second best-selling male artist of the Nielsen SoundScan era , the sixth best-selling artist in the United States and the best-selling hip-hop artist . Globally , he has sold more than 172 million albums , thus being one of the world 's best-selling artists . Rolling Stone ranked him 83rd on its list of 100 Greatest Artists of All Time , calling him the King of Hip Hop .   After his debut album Infinite -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the Slim Shady EP -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Eminem signed with Dr. Dre 's Aftermath Entertainment and subsequently achieved mainstream popularity in 1999 with The Slim Shady LP , which earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album . His next two releases , 2000 's The Marshall Mathers LP and 2002 's The Eminem Show , were worldwide successes , with each being certified diamond in U.S. sales , and both winning Best Rap Album Grammy Awards -- making Eminem the first artist to win the award for three consecutive LPs . They were followed by Encore in 2004 , another critical and commercial success . Eminem went on hiatus after touring in 2005 , releasing Relapse in 2009 and Recovery in 2010 . Both won Grammy Awards and Recovery was the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide , the second time he had the international best-selling album of the year -LRB- after The Eminem Show -RRB- . Eminem 's eighth album , 2013 's The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , won two Grammy Awards , including Best Rap Album ; it expanded his record for the most wins in that category and his Grammy total to 15 .   In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 . He is also known for his collaborations with fellow Detroit-based rapper Royce da 5 ' 9 '' ; the two are collectively known as Bad Meets Evil . Eminem has developed other ventures , including Shady Records , with manager Paul Rosenberg , which helped launch the careers of artists such as 50 Cent . Eminem has also established his own channel , Shade 45 , on Sirius XM Radio . In November 2002 , he starred in the hip hop film 8 Mile , which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , for `` Lose Yourself '' , becoming the first rap artist to win the award . Eminem has made cameo appearances in the films The Wash -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Funny People -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , The Interview -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and the television series Entourage -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Connaught Tunnel was lined only with mud and sand.", "evidence": "For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway  The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke . The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 . At the time it was built , the Connaught Tunnel was the longest railway tunnel in North America . It was named for the Governor General of Canada -- the Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught -- who in turn was named after the province of Connaught in Ireland .   Announced in February 1913 , the contract was awarded on July 1 , 1913 , to Foley Bros. . Welch and Stewart . The tunnel was designed by John G. Sullivan who joined the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1900 and eventually became Chief Engineer for Canada . A small tunnel was built , from which cross cuts were made to the main tunnel so work could carry on at a number of headings . The sub-contractor guaranteed to drill 900 ft of tunnel per month and started on April 2 , 1914 . Compressed air equipment and narrow gauge locomotives were used inside the tunnel . The company town housed some 300 workers . The tunnel was completed before the original deadline , with operation beginning December 16 , 1916 . It had a grade of only 0.95 per cent westward , and was tangent ; light at one end can be seen at the other , more than five miles away .   It cost $ 5.5 million , while a further $ 3 million were spent on track revision , which saw 14.5 mi abandoned including the Loops and over 4 mi of snow sheds . In all , the route was shortened by 4.3 mi .   Problems were encountered with ventilation , loose rocks and wet rails , which caused trains to stall . The tunnel was later lined with reinforced concrete and equipped with a better ventilation system . Originally double tracked , it was realigned with a single track in 1959 to accommodate higher freight cars .   In the late 1980s , the Mount Macdonald Tunnel was built to supplement the Connaught Tunnel and to lessen the grade on the eastern approach to the pass . Trains now predominantly travel east through the Connaught Tunnel and west through the Mount Macdonald Tunnel .   In 2001 , the Connaught Tunnel was inducted into the North America Railway Hall of Fame . The Hall of Fame recognizes and establishes an enduring tribute to the people and things that have made significant contribution relating to railway industry in North America . The Connaught Tunnel was inducted in the `` Facilities and Structures '' category with `` National '' significance .  For the Connaught tunnel in East London , England , see Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway  The Connaught Tunnel is a railway tunnel under the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , near the city of Revelstoke . The 5.022 mi tunnel carries the Canadian Pacific Railway main line under Mount Macdonald and replaced the railway 's previous routing over Rogers Pass , which had been struck by several deadly avalanches since its completion in 1885 . At the time it was built , the Connaught Tunnel was the longest railway tunnel in North America . It was named for the Governor General of Canada -- the Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught -- who in turn was named after the province of Connaught in Ireland .   Announced in February 1913 , the contract was awarded on July 1 , 1913 , to Foley Bros. . Welch and Stewart . The tunnel was designed by John G. Sullivan who joined the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1900 and eventually became Chief Engineer for Canada . A small tunnel was built , from which cross cuts were made to the main tunnel so work could carry on at a number of headings . The sub-contractor guaranteed to drill 900 ft of tunnel per month and started on April 2 , 1914 . Compressed air equipment and narrow gauge locomotives were used inside the tunnel . The company town housed some 300 workers . The tunnel was completed before the original deadline , with operation beginning December 16 , 1916 . It had a grade of only 0.95 per cent westward , and was tangent ; light at one end can be seen at the other , more than five miles away .   It cost $ 5.5 million , while a further $ 3 million were spent on track revision , which saw 14.5 mi abandoned including the Loops and over 4 mi of snow sheds . In all , the route was shortened by 4.3 mi .   Problems were encountered with ventilation , loose rocks and wet rails , which caused trains to stall . The tunnel was later lined with reinforced concrete and equipped with a better ventilation system . Originally double tracked , it was realigned with a single track in 1959 to accommodate higher freight cars .   In the late 1980s , the Mount Macdonald Tunnel was built to supplement the Connaught Tunnel and to lessen the grade on the eastern approach to the pass . Trains now predominantly travel east through the Connaught Tunnel and west through the Mount Macdonald Tunnel .   In 2001 , the Connaught Tunnel was inducted into the North America Railway Hall of Fame . The Hall of Fame recognizes and establishes an enduring tribute to the people and things that have made significant contribution relating to railway industry in North America . The Connaught Tunnel was inducted in the `` Facilities and Structures '' category with `` National '' significance .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Aniston is not a businesswoman.", "evidence": "Jennifer Joanna Aniston -LRB- born February 11 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and businesswoman . She is the daughter of Greek-born actor John Aniston and American actress Nancy Dow . Aniston gained worldwide recognition for portraying Rachel Green on the popular television sitcom Friends -LRB- 1994 -- 2004 -RRB- , a role which earned her a Primetime Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , and a Screen Actors Guild Award . The character was widely popular during the airing of the series and was later recognized as one of the 100 greatest female characters in United States television .   Aniston has played the female protagonist in a number of comedies and romantic comedies . Her box office hits include Bruce Almighty -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Break-Up -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Marley & Me -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Just Go with It -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Horrible Bosses -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and We 're the Millers -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , each of which have grossed over 200 million in worldwide receipts . Her most critically acclaimed roles included the role of Olivia in Friends with Money -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , The Good Girl -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead , and the drama Cake -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , for which she received nominations for the Golden Globe Award and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress . Her other films include Along Came Polly -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and He 's Just Not That Into You -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . In 2008 , she co-founded the production company Echo Films .   In 2012 , Aniston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . She is one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood , and as of 2014 , her net worth is estimated to be 150 million . She has also been included in magazines ' lists of the world 's most beautiful women . People magazine named Aniston `` The Most Beautiful Woman '' in 2004 and 2016 , and Men 's Health magazine voted her the `` Sexiest Woman of All Time '' in 2011 . Divorced from actor Brad Pitt , to whom she was married for five years , she has been married to actor Justin Theroux since 2015 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ilkhanate only contained Haiti.", "evidence": "The Ilkhanate , also spelled Il-khanate -LRB- \u0627\u06cc\u0644\u062e\u0627\u0646\u0627\u0646 , Ilkh\u0101n\u0101n ; \u0425\u04af\u043b\u044d\u0433\u0438\u0439\u043d \u0443\u043b\u0441 , Hulagu-yn Ulus -RRB- , was established as a khanate that formed the southwestern sector of the Mongol Empire , ruled by the Mongol House of Hulagu . It was founded in the 13th century and was based primarily in Iran as well as neighboring territories , such as present-day Azerbaijan and the central and eastern parts of present-day Turkey . The Ilkhanate was originally based on the campaigns of Genghis Khan in the Khwarazmian Empire in 1219 -- 24 and was founded by Hulagu Khan , a grandson of Genghis Khan . With the fragmentation of the Mongol Empire after 1259 it became a functionally separate khanate . At its greatest extent , the state expanded into territories that today comprise most of Iran , Iraq , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Turkmenistan , Turkey , western Afghanistan , and southwestern Pakistan . Later Ilkhanate rulers , beginning with Ghazan in 1295 , would convert to Islam .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Homeland is based on the classic BBC series Til Death Do Us Part.", "evidence": "Homeland is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series Prisoners of War -LRB- Original title \u05d7\u05d8\u05d5\u05e4\u05d9\u05dd Hatufim , literally `` Abductees '' -RRB- , which was created by Gideon Raff .   The series stars Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison , a Central Intelligence Agency officer with bipolar disorder , and Damian Lewis as Nicholas Brody , a U.S. Marine Corps Scout Sniper . Mathison had come to believe that Brody , who was held captive by al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war , was `` turned '' by the enemy and poses a threat to the United States .   The series is broadcast in the U.S. on the cable channel Showtime , and is produced by Fox 21 Television Studios -LRB- formerly Fox 21 -RRB- . It premiered on October 2 , 2011 . The first episode was made available online , more than two weeks before the television broadcast , with viewers having to complete game tasks to gain access . On October 22 , 2013 , Showtime renewed Homeland for a fourth season , which premiered on October 5 , 2014 . On November 10 , 2014 , Showtime renewed the series for a 12-episode fifth season that premiered on October 4 , 2015 . On December 9 , 2015 , the series was renewed for a sixth season . The sixth season debuted on January 15 , 2017 . The series has also been renewed for a seventh and eighth season ; the eighth is planned to be the series ' final season by the creators .   The series has received generally positive reviews , and has won several awards , including the 2012 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series , and the 2011 and 2012 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama , as well as the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Damian Lewis and Claire Danes , respectively .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "True Blood is a science-fiction television series.", "evidence": "True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror  television series produced and created by Alan Ball and based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris .   The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse -LRB- Anna Paquin -RRB- , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind . Now they are struggling for equal rights and assimilation , while anti-vampire organizations begin to gain power . Sookie 's world is turned upside down when she falls in love with 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton -LRB- Stephen Moyer -RRB- and for the first time must navigate the trials , tribulations and terrors of intimacy and relationships .   The show was broadcast on the premium cable network HBO , in the United States , and was produced by HBO in association with Ball 's production company , Your Face Goes Here Entertainment . The series premiered on September 7 , 2008 and concluded on August 24 , 2014 , comprising seven seasons and 80 episodes . The first five seasons received highly positive reviews , and both nominations and wins for several awards , including a Golden Globe and an Emmy .  True Blood is an American dark fantasy horror  television series produced and created by Alan Ball and based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris .   The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse -LRB- Anna Paquin -RRB- , a telepathic waitress living in the rural town of Bon Temps , Louisiana , two years after the invention of a synthetic blood that has allowed vampires to `` come out of the coffin '' and allow their presence to be known to mankind . Now they are struggling for equal rights and assimilation , while anti-vampire organizations begin to gain power . Sookie 's world is turned upside down when she falls in love with 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton -LRB- Stephen Moyer -RRB- and for the first time must navigate the trials , tribulations and terrors of intimacy and relationships .   The show was broadcast on the premium cable network HBO , in the United States , and was produced by HBO in association with Ball 's production company , Your Face Goes Here Entertainment . The series premiered on September 7 , 2008 and concluded on August 24 , 2014 , comprising seven seasons and 80 episodes . The first five seasons received highly positive reviews , and both nominations and wins for several awards , including a Golden Globe and an Emmy .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jordan Knight is the lead singer of a band.", "evidence": "Jordan Nathaniel Marcel Knight -LRB- born May 17 , 1970 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and actor , best known as the lead singer of the boy band New Kids on the Block -LRB- NKOTB -RRB- , who rose to fame in the 1980s and 1990s . He is best known for his distinctive falsetto style of singing , influenced by The Stylistics . After New Kids on the Block split in 1994 , he launched a solo career . Jordan 's first solo album , released in 1999 , and his latest solo album , released in 2011 , reached the Top 50 on the US Billboard 200 . As of 2011 , he released four Top 40 singles ; the most well known being `` Give It to You '' in 1999 . Knight has released three solo albums , one remix album and one EP . On May 31 , 2011 , Knight released the studio album , Unfinished . Knight has sold over 1.5 million records worldwide as a solo artist . In 2015 , Boston City Council declared February 7 `` Jordan Knight Day . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Adam Driver has had supporting roles.", "evidence": "Adam Douglas Driver -LRB- born November 19 , 1983 -RRB- is an American actor . He rose to prominence in the supporting role of Adam Sackler in the HBO comedy-drama series Girls -LRB- 2012 -- 2017 -RRB- , for which he received three consecutive nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series . He made his Broadway debut in Mrs. Warren 's Profession -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . In 2011 , he returned to Broadway in Man and Boy and made his feature film debut in J. Edgar .   Driver has appeared in supporting roles in a wide range of films , including Lincoln -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Frances Ha -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and Inside Llewyn Davis -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . He starred in While We 're Young -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and won the Volpi Cup for his role in Hungry Hearts -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , as well as several best actor awards for his performance in Jim Jarmusch 's Paterson -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   Driver gained worldwide attention and acclaim for playing the villain Kylo Ren in Star Wars : The Force Awakens -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , a role which he is set to reprise in the future Star Wars films .   He is also the founder of Arts in the Armed Forces -LRB- AITAF -RRB- , a nonprofit that performs theater for all branches of the military , both in the US and abroad .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Thor: The Dark World is a movie.", "evidence": "Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was directed by Alan Taylor , with a screenplay by Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely . It stars Chris Hemsworth , Natalie Portman , Tom Hiddleston , Anthony Hopkins , Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd , Idris Elba , Christopher Eccleston , Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje , Kat Dennings , Ray Stevenson , Zachary Levi , Tadanobu Asano , Jaimie Alexander , and Rene Russo . In Thor : The Dark World , Thor teams up with Loki to save the Nine Realms from the Dark Elves led by the vengeful Malekith , who intends to plunge the universe into darkness .   Development of Thor : The Dark World began in April 2011 , when producer Kevin Feige announced plans for a sequel to follow the crossover film The Avengers . In July 2011 , Kenneth Branagh , the director of Thor , withdrew from the project . Brian Kirk and Patty Jenkins were considered to direct the film before Taylor was hired in January 2012 . The supporting cast filled out in August 2012 , with the hiring of Eccleston , Dennings , and Akinnuoye-Agbaje . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Surrey , England with filming continuing in Iceland and London , before wrapping up in December 2012 . Thor : The Dark World was converted to 3D in post-production .   Thor : The Dark World premiered at the Odeon Leicester Square in London on October 22 , 2013 . It was released internationally on October 30 , 2013 , and on November 8 , 2013 , in the United States . The film received mixed reviews , but was a commercial success , grossing over $ 644 million worldwide . A third film , Thor : Ragnarok , is set for release on November 3 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Loki is the male sibling of Helblindi and Byleistr.", "evidence": "In Norse mythology , Loki -LRB- Anglicized -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8lo\u028aki -RSB- -RRB- -RRB- , Loptr , or Hve\u00f0rungr is a god or j\u00f6tunn -LRB- or both -RRB- . Loki is the son of F\u00e1rbauti and Laufey , and the brother of Helblindi and B\u00fdleistr . By the j\u00f6tunn Angrbo\u00f0a , Loki is the father of Hel , the wolf Fenrir , and the world serpent J\u00f6rmungandr . By his wife Sigyn , Loki is the father of Narfi and/or Nari . By the stallion Sva\u00f0ilfari , Loki is the mother -- giving birth in the form of a mare -- to the eight-legged horse Sleipnir . In addition , Loki is referred to as the father of V\u00e1li in Prose Edda , though this source also refers to Odin as the father of V\u00e1li twice , and V\u00e1li is found mentioned as a Son of Loki only once .   Loki 's relation with the gods varies by source ; Loki sometimes assists the gods and sometimes behaves in a malicious manner towards them . Loki is a shape shifter and in separate incidents he appears in the form of a salmon , a mare , a fly , and possibly an elderly woman named \u00de\u00f6kk -LRB- Old Norse ` thanks ' -RRB- . Loki 's positive relations with the gods end with his role in engineering the death of the god Baldr and Loki is eventually bound by V\u00e1li with the entrails of one of his sons . In both the Poetic Edda and the Prose Edda , the goddess Ska\u00f0i is responsible for placing a serpent above him while he is bound . The serpent drips venom from above him that Sigyn collects into a bowl ; however , she must empty the bowl when it is full , and the venom that drips in the meantime causes Loki to writhe in pain , thereby causing earthquakes . With the onset of Ragnar\u00f6k , Loki is foretold to slip free from his bonds and to fight against the gods among the forces of the j\u00f6tnar , at which time he will encounter the god Heimdallr and the two will slay each other .   Loki is referred to in the Poetic Edda , compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources ; the Prose Edda and Heimskringla , written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson ; the Norwegian Rune Poems , in the poetry of skalds , and in Scandinavian folklore . Loki may be depicted on the Snaptun Stone , the Kirkby Stephen Stone , and the Gosforth Cross . Loki 's origins and role in Norse mythology , which some scholars have described as that of a trickster god , have been much debated by scholars . Loki has been depicted in or is referenced in a variety of media in modern popular culture .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Vincent van Gogh is from Amsterdam.", "evidence": "Amsterdam -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u00e6mst\u0259rd\u00e6m , _ \u02cc\u00e6mst\u0259r\u02c8d\u00e6m -RSB- -LSB- \u0251mst\u0259r\u02c8d\u0251m -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Its status as the capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands , although it is not the seat of the government , which is The Hague . Amsterdam has a population of 851,373 within the city proper , 1,351,587 in the urban area , and 2,410,960 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area . The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country . The metropolitan area comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad , one of the larger conurbations in Europe , with a population of approximately 7 million .   Amsterdam 's name derives from Amstelredamme , indicative of the city 's origin around a dam in the river Amstel . Originating as a small fishing village in the late 12th century , Amsterdam became one of the most important ports in the world during the Dutch Golden Age -LRB- 17th century -RRB- , a result of its innovative developments in trade . During that time , the city was the leading centre for finance and diamonds . In the 19th and 20th centuries the city expanded , and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built . The 17th-century canals of Amsterdam and the 19 -- 20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are on the UNESCO World Heritage List . Since the annexation of municipality Sloten in 1921 by the municipality of Amsterdam , the oldest historic part of the city lies in Sloten -LRB- 9th century -RRB- .   As the commercial capital of the Netherlands and one of the top financial centres in Europe , Amsterdam is considered an alpha world city by the Globalization and World Cities -LRB- GaWC -RRB- study group . The city is also the cultural capital of the Netherlands . Many large Dutch institutions have their headquarters there , and seven of the world 's 500 largest companies , including Philips and ING , are based in the city . In 2012 , Amsterdam was ranked the second best city to live in by the Economist Intelligence Unit -LRB- EIU -RRB- and 12th globally on quality of living for environment and infrastructure by Mercer . The city was ranked 3rd in innovation by Australian innovation agency 2thinknow in their Innovation Cities Index 2009 . The Amsterdam seaport to this day remains the second in the country , and the fifth largest seaport in Europe .   Famous Amsterdam residents include the diarist Anne Frank , artists Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh , and philosopher Baruch Spinoza .   The Amsterdam Stock Exchange , the oldest stock exchange in the world , is located in the city center . Amsterdam 's main attractions , including its historic canals , the Rijksmuseum , the Van Gogh Museum , Stedelijk Museum , Hermitage Amsterdam , Anne Frank House , Amsterdam Museum , its red-light district , and its many cannabis coffee shops draw more than 5 million international visitors annually .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chester Bennington is a person.", "evidence": "Chester Charles Bennington -LRB- born March 20 , 1976 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , songwriter and actor . He is best known as the lead vocalist of rock bands Linkin Park , Dead by Sunrise , and live rock cover band Bucket of Weenies . He was originally the lead vocalist for Sean Dowdell And His Friends ? and Grey Daze . Bennington was the lead vocalist for Stone Temple Pilots from 2013 to 2015 .   Bennington became known as a vocalist with Linkin Park 's debut album , Hybrid Theory , in 2000 , which was a massive commercial success . The album was certified Diamond by the RIAA in 2005 , making it the best-selling debut album of the decade , as well as one of the few albums to ever hit that many sales . Linkin Park 's following studio albums , Meteora -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Minutes to Midnight -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , A Thousand Suns -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Living Things -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and The Hunting Party -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , continued the band 's success . Bennington formed his own band , Dead by Sunrise , as a side project in 2005 . The band 's debut album , Out of Ashes , was released on October 13 , 2009 . He worked on new material with Stone Temple Pilots in 2013 to release the EP High Rise on October 8 , 2013 via their own record label , Play Pen . Bennington has been ranked in the Top 100 Heavy Metal Vocalists by Hit Parader -LRB- No. 46 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Inspectah Deck is stateless.", "evidence": "Jason Hunter -LRB- born July 6 , 1970 -RRB- better known by his stage name Inspectah Deck , is an American rapper , producer , and member of the groups Wu-Tang Clan and Czarface . He has acquired critical praise for his intricate lyricism , and for his verses on many of the group 's most revered songs . He has grown to become a producer in his own right , taking up tracks for fellow clansmen and his own projects .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Tender Mercies is a drama from America.", "evidence": "Tender Mercies is a 1983 American drama film directed by Bruce Beresford . The screenplay by Horton Foote focuses on Mac Sledge , a recovering alcoholic country music singer who seeks to turn his life around through his relationship with a young widow and her son in rural Texas . Robert Duvall plays the role of Mac ; the supporting cast includes Tess Harper , Betty Buckley , Wilford Brimley , Ellen Barkin and Allan Hubbard .   Financed by EMI Films , Tender Mercies was shot largely in Waxahachie , Texas . The script was rejected by several American directors before the Australian Beresford accepted it . Duvall , who sang his own songs in the film , drove more than 600 mi throughout the state , tape recording local accents and playing in country music bands to prepare for the role . He and Beresford repeatedly clashed during production , at one point prompting the director to walk off the set and reportedly consider quitting the film .   The film encompasses several different themes , including the importance of love and family , the possibility of spiritual resurrection amid death , and the concept of redemption through Mac Sledge 's conversion to Christianity . Following poor test screening results , distributor Universal Pictures made little effort to publicize Tender Mercies , which Duvall attributed to the studio 's lack of understanding of country music .   The film was released on March 4 , 1983 , in a limited number of theaters . Although unsuccessful at the box office , it was critically acclaimed and earned five Academy Award nominations , including one for Best Picture . Tender Mercies won Oscars for Best Original Screenplay for Foote and Best Actor for Duvall .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cristiano Ronaldo was a professional athlete.", "evidence": "Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro , -LRB- -LSB- k\u027ei\u0283 ` tj\u0250nu \u0281u\u02c8na\u026bdu -RSB- , born 5 February 1985 -RRB- is a Portuguese professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team . He primarily plays as a forward , but has also been deployed as a winger and serves as captain for Portugal . In 2008 , he won his first Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year awards . Ronaldo then won the FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2013 and 2014 . In 2016 , he received his fourth Ballon d'Or , the most for a European player in the history of the award , and the inaugural Best FIFA Men 's Player . In 2015 , Ronaldo scored his 500th senior career goal for club and country . Two years later , he surpassed Jimmy Greaves as the all-time top-scorer in the top five European leagues .   Often ranked the best player in the world and widely regarded as one of the greatest of all time , Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation , during its 100th anniversary celebrations in 2015 . He was the first player to win four European Golden Shoe awards . One of the most marketable athletes in sport , in 2016 Forbes named Ronaldo the world 's best paid athlete . ESPN ranked him the world 's most famous athlete in 2016 and 2017 .   Ronaldo began his senior club career playing for Sporting CP , before signing with Manchester United at age 18 in 2003 . After winning his first trophy , the FA Cup , during his first season in England , he helped United win three successive Premier League titles , a UEFA Champions League title , and a FIFA Club World Cup . By age 23 , he had received Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations . He was the subject of the most expensive association football transfer when he moved from Manchester United to Real Madrid in 2009 in a transfer worth $ 94 million -LRB- $ 132 million -RRB- . In Spain , he has won two La Liga titles , two Copas del Rey , two Champions League titles , and two Club World Cups . Ronaldo holds the record for most goals scored in a single UEFA Champions League season , having scored 17 goals in the 2013 -- 14 season . In 2014 , Ronaldo became the fastest player to score 200 goals in La Liga , which he achieved in his 178th La Liga game . He is the only player in the history of football to score more than 50 goals in a season on six consecutive occasions . In 2015 , Ronaldo became the all-time top goalscorer in the UEFA Champions League , and he also became Real Madrid 's all-time leading goalscorer . In 2017 , he became the first player to reach 100 goals in European club competitions , as well as in the UEFA Champions League . He is the second highest goalscorer in La Liga history behind Lionel Messi , his perceived career rival .   Ronaldo made his international debut for Portugal in August 2003 , at the age of 18 . He is Portugal 's most capped player of all time with over 130 caps , and has participated in seven major tournaments : four UEFA European Championships -LRB- 2004 , 2008 , 2012 and 2016 -RRB- and three FIFA World Cups -LRB- 2006 , 2010 and 2014 -RRB- . He is the first Portuguese player to reach 50 international goals , making him Portugal 's all-time top goalscorer . He scored his first international goal in Euro 2004 and helped Portugal reach the final . He took over full captaincy in July 2008 , and he led Portugal to the semi-finals at Euro 2012 , finishing the competition as joint-top scorer . In November 2014 , Ronaldo became the all-time top scorer in the UEFA European Championship -LRB- including qualifying -RRB- with 23 goals . At Euro 2016 , he became the most capped player of all-time in the tournament , the first player to score at four consecutive European Championship finals , and also equalled Michel Platini 's all-time record for most goals scored in the competition . Ronaldo lifted the trophy after Portugal defeated France in the final , and he received the Silver Boot as the second-highest goalscorer of the tournament .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paul Simon is a person.", "evidence": "Paul Frederic Simon -LRB- born October 13 , 1941 -RRB- is an American musician , singer-songwriter and actor . Simon 's fame , influence , and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel , formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel . Simon wrote nearly all of the pair 's songs , including three that reached No. 1 on the U.S. singles charts : `` The Sound of Silence '' , `` Mrs. Robinson '' , and `` Bridge over Troubled Water '' .   The duo split up in 1970 at the height of their popularity and Simon began a successful solo career as a guitarist and singer-songwriter , recording three highly acclaimed albums over the next five years . In 1986 , he released Graceland , an album inspired by South African township music , which sold 14 million copies worldwide on its release and remains his most popular solo work . Simon also wrote and starred in the film One-Trick Pony -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and co-wrote the Broadway musical The Capeman -LRB- 1998 -RRB- with the poet Derek Walcott . On June 3 , 2016 , Simon released his 13th solo album , titled Stranger to Stranger , which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Album Chart and the UK charts .   Simon has earned sixteen Grammys for his solo and collaborative work , including three for Album of the Year -LRB- Bridge Over Troubled Water , Still Crazy After All These Years , Graceland -RRB- , and a Lifetime Achievement Award . In 2001 , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and in 2006 was selected as one of the `` 100 People Who Shaped the World '' by Time magazine . In 2011 , Rolling Stone magazine named Simon as one of the 100 Greatest Guitarists . In 2015 , he was named as one of the 100 Greatest Songwriters by Rolling Stone . Among many other honors , Simon was the first recipient of the Library of Congress 's Gershwin Prize for Popular Song in 2007 . In 1986 , Simon was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music , where he currently serves on the Board of Trustees .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Baby Driver starred Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez.", "evidence": "Baby Driver is a 2017 British -- American action comedy film written and directed by Edgar Wright , and starring Ansel Elgort , Kevin Spacey , Lily James , Jon Bernthal , Eiza Gonz\u00e1lez , Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx . The film follows a young getaway driver -LRB- played by Elgort -RRB- who is reluctantly coerced to work for a veteran kingpin -LRB- played by Spacey -RRB- at `` one last job '' in exchange to start a better life .   The film had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 11 , 2017 and is scheduled to be released theatrically on June 28 , 2017 , by TriStar Pictures .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Dhawan is a film director.", "evidence": "David Dhawan -LRB- born Rajinder Dhawan on 16 August 1955 -RRB- is an Indian film director who works in Hindi films . He is the father of Bollywood actor Varun Dhawan and director Rohit Dhawan . He is best known for directing several successful films , including the comedies Swarg -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Shola Aur Shabnam -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Judwaa -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Mujhse Shaadi Karogi -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya ? -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Partner -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Chashme Baddoor -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Main Tera Hero -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . The 1993 action thriller Aankhen and the 1999 comedy Biwi No. 1 earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director nominations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Challenge was a reality game show.", "evidence": "The Challenge -LRB- originally known as Road Rules : All Stars , followed by Real World/Road Rules Challenge -RRB- is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network 's two reality shows , Real World and Road Rules . It features alumni from these two shows , in addition to first-time cast members called ` Fresh Meat ' , alumni from Are You the One ? , and relatives of these cast members called ` Bloodlines ' , competing against one another for a cash prize . The Challenge is currently hosted by T. J. Lavin .  The series premiered on June 1 , 1998 . The title of the show was originally Road Rules : All Stars before it was renamed Real World/Road Rules Challenge by the show 's 2nd season , then later abridged to simply The Challenge by the show 's 19th season . The series initially used no hosts but instead a former cast member who had been kicked off his or her season , providing assignments as `` Mr. '' or `` Ms. Big '' -LRB- David `` Puck '' Rainey , David Edwards , and Gladys Sanabria served this role -RRB- . Later on , however , the series began using hosts : Eric Nies and Mark Long co-hosted a season , and Jonny Moseley and Dave Mirra hosted various seasons before T. J. Lavin became the show 's regular host by the 11th season .   Since the 4th season , each season has supplied the show with a unique subtitle , such as Rivals . Each season consists of a format and theme whereby the subtitle is derived . Of each season 's format and theme , 8 have been repeated or revamped through sequel seasons with shared subtitles . In chronological order , these include : Battle of the Sexes -LRB- tied to Battle of the Sexes II , the show 's first sequel season -RRB- ; The Inferno -LRB- tied to The Inferno II and The Inferno III , the show 's first trilogy -RRB- ; The Gauntlet -LRB- tied to The Gauntlet II and The Gauntlet III -RRB- ; The Duel -LRB- tied to The Duel II -RRB- ; Fresh Meat -LRB- tied to Fresh Meat II -RRB- , Battle of the Seasons -LRB- tied to the second Battle of the Seasons -RRB- ; Rivals -LRB- tied to Rivals II and Rivals III -RRB- ; and Battle of the Exes -LRB- tied to Battle of the Exes II -RRB- .   The current 29th season , entitled Invasion of the Champions , premiered on February 7 , 2017 and concluded on May 16 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Rumi's influence transcends ethnic divisions.", "evidence": "Jal\u0101l ad-D\u012bn Muhammad R\u016bm\u012b , also known as Jal\u0101l ad-D\u012bn Muhammad Balkh\u012b , Mevl\u00e2n\u00e2 / Mawl\u0101n\u0101 -LRB- \u0645\u0648\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0627 , `` our master '' -RRB- , Mevlev\u00ee / Mawlaw\u012b -LRB- \u0645\u0648\u0644\u0648\u06cc , `` my master '' -RRB- , and more popularly simply as Rumi -LRB- 30 September 1207 -- 17 December 1273 -RRB- , was a 13th-century Persian Sunni Muslim poet , jurist , Islamic scholar , theologian , and Sufi mystic . Rumi 's influence transcends national borders and ethnic divisions : Iranians , Tajiks , Turks , Greeks , Pashtuns , other Central Asian Muslims , and the Muslims of South Asia have greatly appreciated his spiritual legacy for the past seven centuries . His poems have been widely translated into many of the world 's languages and transposed into various formats . Rumi has been described as the `` most popular poet '' and the `` best selling poet '' in the United States .   Rumi 's works are written mostly in Persian , but occasionally he also used Turkish , Arabic , and Greek , in his verse . His Masnavi -LRB- Mathnawi -RRB- , composed in Konya , is considered one of the greatest poems of the Persian language . His works are widely read today in their original language across Greater Iran and the Persian-speaking world . Translations of his works are very popular , most notably in Turkey , Azerbaijan , the United States , and South Asia . His poetry has influenced Persian literature , but also Turkish , Ottoman Turkish , Azerbaijani , as well as the literature of some other Turkic , Iranian , and Indo-Aryan languages including Chagatai , Urdu , Pashto , and Bengali .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Swedish Empire was ruled by Gustavus Adolphus from 1611 to 1632.", "evidence": "The Swedish Empire -LRB- stormaktstiden , `` the era of great power '' -RRB- refers to the Kingdom of Sweden 's territorial control of much of the Baltic region during the 17th and early 18th centuries , a time when Sweden was one of the great European powers . The beginning of the Empire is usually taken as the reign of Gustavus Adolphus , who ascended the throne in 1611 , and the end as the loss of territories in 1721 following the Great Northern War . In Swedish history , the period is referred to as stormaktstiden , literally meaning `` the Great Power era '' .   After the death of Gustavus Adolphus in 1632 , the empire was , over lengthy periods , controlled by part of the high nobility , most prominently the Oxenstierna family , acting as tutors for minor regents . The interests of the high nobility contrasted with the uniformity policy -LRB- i.e. , the upholding of the traditional equality in status of the Swedish estates favoured by the kings and peasantry -RRB- . In territories acquired during the periods of de facto noble rule , serfdom was not abolished , and there was also a trend to set up respective estates in Sweden proper . The Great Reduction of 1680 put an end to these efforts of the nobility and required them to return estates once gained from the crown to the king . Serfdom , however , remained in force in the dominions acquired in the Holy Roman Empire and in Swedish Estonia , where a consequent application of the uniformity policy was hindered by the treaties by which they were gained .   After the victories in the Thirty Years ' War , the climax of the great power era was reached during the Second Northern War , when their primary adversary Denmark was neutralized by the Treaty of Roskilde in 1658 . However , in the further course of this war as well as in the subsequent Scanian War , Sweden was able to maintain her empire only with support of her closest ally , France . Charles XI of Sweden consolidated the empire and ensured a period of peace , before Russia , Saxony and Denmark started a concerted attack on his successor , Charles XII . After initial Swedish victories , Charles secured the empire for some time in the Peace of Travendal -LRB- 1700 -RRB- and the Treaty of Altranst\u00e4dt -LRB- 1706 -RRB- , before the Battle of Poltava -LRB- 1709 -RRB- finally brought the great power era of Sweden to an end .  Gustav II Adolf -LRB- 9 December 1594 -- 6 November 1632 , O.S. -RRB- ; widely known in English by his Latinised name Gustavus Adolphus or as Gustav II Adolph , was the King of Sweden from 1611 to 1632 and is credited as the founder of Sweden as a Great Power -LRB- Stormaktstiden -RRB- . He led Sweden to military supremacy during the Thirty Years ' War , helping to determine the political as well as the religious balance of power in Europe . He was formally and posthumously given the name Gustavus Adolphus the Great -LRB- Gustav Adolf den store , Gustavus Adolphus Magnus -RRB- by the Riksdag of the Estates in 1634 .   He is often regarded as one of the greatest military commanders of all time , with innovative use of combined arms . His most notable military victory was the Battle of Breitenfeld . With a superb military machine with good weapons , excellent training , and effective field artillery , backed by an efficient government which could provide necessary funds , Gustavus Adolphus was poised to make himself a major European leader , but he was killed a year later at the Battle of L\u00fctzen in 1632 . He was ably assisted in his efforts by Count Axel Oxenstierna , the Lord High Chancellor of Sweden , who also acted as regent after his death .   In an era characterized by almost endless warfare , he led his armies as king from 1611 -LRB- at age 16 -RRB- until his death in battle in 1632 while leading a charge . Sweden rose from the status of a mere regional power to one of the great powers of Europe and a model of early modern era government . Within only a few years of his accession , Sweden had become the largest nation in Europe after Russia , Spain and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth . Some have called him the `` father of modern warfare '' , or the first great modern general . Under his tutelage , Sweden and the Protestant cause developed a number of excellent commanders , such as Lennart Torstensson , who would go on to defeat Sweden 's enemies and expand the boundaries and the power of the empire long after Gustavus Adolphus ' death in battle .   He was known by the epithets `` The Golden King '' and `` The Lion of the North '' by neighboring sovereigns . He made Sweden one of the great powers of Europe in part by reforming the administrative structure . For example , he began Parish registration of the population , so that the central government could more efficiently tax and conscript the people . Historian Christer Jorgensen argues that his achievement in the field of economic reform , trade , modernization , and the creation of the modern bureaucratic autocracy was as great as his exploits on the battlefields . His domestic reforms , which transformed a backward , almost medieval economy and society , were in fact not only the foundations for his victories in Germany , but also absolutely crucial for the creation and survival of the Swedish Empire .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Her was given a wide release on January 10, 2014.", "evidence": "Her is a 2013 American romantic science-fiction drama film written , directed , and produced by Spike Jonze . It marks Jonze 's solo screenwriting debut . The film follows Theodore Twombly -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , a man who develops a relationship with Samantha -LRB- Scarlett Johansson -RRB- , an intelligent computer operating system personified through a female voice . The film also stars Amy Adams , Rooney Mara , and Olivia Wilde .   Jonze conceived the idea in the early 2000s after reading an article about a website that allowed for instant messaging with an artificial intelligence program . After making I 'm Here -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , a short film sharing similar themes , Jonze returned to the idea . He wrote the first draft of the script in five months . Principal photography took place in Los Angeles and Shanghai in mid-2012 . The role of Samantha was recast in post-production , with Samantha Morton being replaced with Johansson . Additional scenes were filmed in August 2013 following the casting change .   Her premiered at the 2013 New York Film Festival on October 12 , 2013 . Warner Bros. initially provided a limited release for Her at six theaters on December 18 . It was later given a wide release at over 1,700 theaters in the United States and Canada on January 10 , 2014 . Her received widespread critical acclaim upon its release , and grossed over $ 47 million worldwide on a production budget of $ 23 million . The film received numerous awards and nominations , primarily for Jonze 's screenplay . At the 86th Academy Awards , Her received five nominations , including Best Picture , and won the award for Best Original Screenplay . Jonze also won awards for his screenplay at the 71st Golden Globe Awards , the 66th Writers Guild of America Awards , the 19th Critics ' Choice Awards , and the 40th Saturn Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Las Vegas's population has grown.", "evidence": "Las Vegas -LRB- -LSB- l\u0251\u02d0s_\u02c8ve\u026a\u0261\u0259s -RSB- , Spanish for `` The Meadows '' -RRB- , officially the City of Las Vegas and often known simply as Vegas , is the 28th-most populated city in the United States , the most populated city in the state of Nevada , and the county seat of Clark County . The city anchors the Las Vegas Valley metropolitan area and is the largest city within the greater Mojave Desert . Las Vegas is an internationally renowned major resort city known primarily for its gambling , shopping , fine dining , entertainment , and nightlife . It is the leading financial , commercial , and cultural center for Nevada .   The city bills itself as The Entertainment Capital of the World , and is famous for its mega casino -- hotels and associated activities . It is a top three destination in the United States for business conventions and a global leader in the hospitality industry , claiming more AAA Five Diamond hotels than any city in the world . Today , Las Vegas annually ranks as one of the world 's most visited tourist destinations . The city 's tolerance for numerous forms of adult entertainment earned it the title of Sin City , and has made Las Vegas a popular setting for literature , films , television programs , and music videos .   Las Vegas was settled in 1905 and officially incorporated in 1911 . At the close of the 20th century , it was the most populated American city founded within that century -LRB- a similar distinction earned by Chicago in the 1800s -RRB- . Population growth has accelerated since the 1960s , and between 1990 and 2000 the population nearly doubled , increasing by 85.2 % . Rapid growth has continued into the 21st century , and according to a 2013 estimate , the population is 603,488 with a regional population of 2,027,828 .   `` Las Vegas '' is often used to describe areas beyond official city limits -- especially the areas on and near the Las Vegas Strip , which is actually located within the unincorporated communities of Paradise , Winchester , and Enterprise .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "One type of spread is Vegemite.", "evidence": "A spread is a food that is literally spread , generally with a knife , onto food products such as bread and crackers . Spreads are added to food in order to enhance the flavor or texture of the food , which may be considered bland without it . Spreads should be distinguished from dips , such as salsa , which are generally not applied to spread onto food but have food dipped into them instead . Peanut butter is a typical example of spread .   Common spreads include dairy spreads -LRB- such as cheeses , creams , and butters -- although the term butter is broadly applied to many spreads -RRB- , honey , plant-derived spreads -LRB- such as jams , jellies , and hummus -RRB- , yeast spreads -LRB- such as vegemite and marmite -RRB- , and meat-based spreads -LRB- such as p\u00e2t\u00e9 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Divergent film series was worked on by Octavia Spencer.", "evidence": "Octavia Lenora Spencer -LRB- born May 25 , 1972 -RRB- is an American actress and author . She made her film debut in A Time to Kill . Her breakthrough came in 2011 , when she starred as Minny Jackson in the period film The Help , for which she won the Academy Award , Golden Globe , SAG , BAFTA , and Critics ' Choice Movie Award for Best Supporting Actress . She had a critically acclaimed performance in Ryan Coogler 's drama Fruitvale Station -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , for which she received the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress . Recently , Spencer has received acclaim for her work in the films Get on Up , Black or White , Smashed , Snowpiercer , The Divergent Series : Insurgent , and Zootopia . In 2017 , she received Academy Award , Golden Globe , and SAG nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as mathematician Dorothy Vaughan in the drama Hidden Figures .   As an author , Spencer has started a children 's book series titled Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective , publishing two books in the series - The Case of the Time-Capsule Bandit -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and The Sweetest Heist in History -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ramayanam was produced by M. S. Reddy and directed by Gunasekhar.", "evidence": "Ramayanam is a 1996 mythological Telugu film directed by Gunasekhar and produced by M. S. Reddy . The film starred N. T. Rama Rao Jr. as Lord Rama . It received the National Film Award for best children 's film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Man of Steel features the DC Comics character Superman.", "evidence": "Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman . It is a British-American venture produced by Legendary Pictures , DC Entertainment , Syncopy Inc. , and Cruel and Unusual Films , and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the first installment in the DC Extended Universe . The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe . Man of Steel is a reboot of the Superman film series that retells the character 's origin story . In the film , Clark Kent learns that he is a superpowered alien from the planet Krypton and assumes the role of mankind 's protector as Superman , but finds himself having to prevent General Zod from destroying humanity .   Development began in 2008 , when Warner Bros. took pitches from comic book writers , screenwriters and directors , opting to reboot the franchise . In 2009 , a court ruling resulted in Jerry Siegel 's family recapturing the rights to Superman 's origins and Siegel 's copyright . The decision stated that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films , but if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011 , then the Shuster and Siegel estates would be able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film . Producer Christopher Nolan pitched Goyer 's idea after story discussion on The Dark Knight Rises , and Snyder was hired as the film 's director in October 2010 . Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .   Man of Steel was released in theaters on June 14 , 2013 , in conventional 2D , 3D , and IMAX formats . Despite receiving mixed reviews , the film became a box office success , grossing over $ 668 million worldwide . Critics praised the film 's visuals , action sequences , and Hans Zimmer 's musical score but criticized its pacing and lack of character development . A follow-up , Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice was released on March 25 , 2016 while a standalone Superman sequel is in active development .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Leukemia has to do with a lack of normal blood cells.", "evidence": "Leukemia , also spelled leukaemia , is a group of cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal white blood cells . These white blood cells are not fully developed and are called blasts or leukemia cells . Symptoms may include bleeding and bruising problems , feeling tired , fever , and an increased risk of infections . These symptoms occur due to a lack of normal blood cells . Diagnosis is typically made by blood tests or bone marrow biopsy .   The exact cause of leukemia is unknown . Different kinds of leukemia are believed to have different causes . Both inherited and environmental -LRB- non-inherited -RRB- factors are believed to be involved . Risk factors include smoking , ionizing radiation , some chemicals -LRB- such as benzene -RRB- , prior chemotherapy , and Down syndrome . People with a family history of leukemia are also at higher risk . There are four main types of leukemia -- acute lymphoblastic leukemia -LRB- ALL -RRB- , acute myeloid leukemia -LRB- AML -RRB- , chronic lymphocytic leukemia -LRB- CLL -RRB- and chronic myeloid leukemia -LRB- CML -RRB- -- as well as a number of less common types . Leukemias and lymphomas both belong to a broader group of tumors that affect the blood , bone marrow , and lymphoid system , known as tumors of the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues .   Treatment may involve some combination of chemotherapy , radiation therapy , targeted therapy , and bone marrow transplant , in addition to supportive care and palliative care as needed . Certain types of leukemia may be managed with watchful waiting . The success of treatment depends on the type of leukemia and the age of the person . Outcomes have improved in the developed world . The average five-year survival rate is 57 % in the United States . In children under 15 , the five-year survival rate is greater than 60 to 85 % , depending on the type of leukemia . In children with acute leukemia who are cancer-free after five years , the cancer is unlikely to return .   In 2015 , leukemia was present in 2.3 million people and caused 353,500 deaths . In 2012 it newly developed in 352,000 people . It is the most common type of cancer in children , with three quarters of leukemia cases in children being the acute lymphoblastic type . However , about 90 % of all leukemias are diagnosed in adults , with AML and CLL being most common in adults . It occurs more commonly in the developed world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Judy Garland did not appear in a courtroom drama film.", "evidence": "Judy Garland -LRB- born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 , 1922 -- June 22 , 1969 -RRB- was an American singer , actress , and vaudevillian . She was renowned for her contralto vocals and attained international stardom that continued throughout a career spanning more than 40 years as an actress in musical and dramatic roles , as a recording artist , and on concert stages .   Garland began performing in vaudeville with her two older sisters and was signed to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as a teenager . She made more than two dozen films with MGM , including nine with Mickey Rooney . Garland 's most famous role was as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Her other roles at MGM included Meet Me in St. Louis -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , The Harvey Girls -LRB- 1946 -RRB- and Easter Parade -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . After 15 years , she was released from the studio and made record-breaking concert appearances , a successful recording career , and her own Emmy-nominated television series . Film appearances became fewer in her later years , but included two Academy Award nominated performances in A Star Is Born -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and Judgment at Nuremberg -LRB- 1961 -RRB- .   Garland received a Golden Globe Award , a Juvenile Academy Award , and a Special Tony Award , and at 39 , became the youngest and first female recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in the film industry . She was the first woman to win a Grammy for Album of the Year for her live recording of Judy at Carnegie Hall . In 1997 , Garland was posthumously awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award . Several of her recordings have been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame . In 1999 , the American Film Institute placed her among the 10 greatest female stars of classic American cinema .   From an early age , Garland struggled in her personal life . The pressures of adolescent stardom sent her to a psychiatrist at age 18 . Her self-image was influenced by film executives who said she was unattractive and manipulated her on-screen physical appearance . She was plagued by financial instability , often owing hundreds of thousands of dollars in back taxes . She married five times , with her first four marriages ending in divorce . She also had a long addiction with drugs and alcohol , which ultimately led to her death from a barbiturate overdose at the age of 47 .  Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American courtroom drama film directed by Stanley Kramer , written by Abby Mann and starring Spencer Tracy , Burt Lancaster , Richard Widmark , Maximilian Schell , Werner Klemperer , Marlene Dietrich , Judy Garland , William Shatner , and Montgomery Clift . Set in Nuremberg in 1948 , the film depicts a fictionalized version of the Judges ' Trial of 1947 , one of the twelve U.S. military tribunals during the Subsequent Nuremberg Trials .   The film centers on a military tribunal led by Chief Trial Judge Dan Haywood -LRB- Tracy -RRB- , before which four German judges and prosecutors -LRB- as compared to 16 defendants in the actual Judges ' Trial -RRB- stand accused of crimes against humanity for their involvement in atrocities committed under the Nazi regime . The film deals with non-combatant war crimes against a civilian population , the Holocaust , and examines the post-World War II geopolitical complexity of the actual Nuremberg Trials . An earlier version of the story was broadcast as a television episode of Playhouse 90 . Schell and Klemperer played the same roles in both productions .   In 2013 , Judgment at Nuremberg was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Until Dawn is a game.", "evidence": "Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror adventure video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 . It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support , but in August 2014 the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive , and was released worldwide in August 2015 .   Set in Western Canada , Until Dawn centers around a group of eight teenagers who decide to vacation for a night in a cabin on the fictional Blackwood Mountain , exactly one year after the disappearance of two girls , the twin sisters of a member of their group . Shortly after arriving , the gang find themselves under attack by a psychopath , and must attempt to survive until sunrise . Throughout the adventure , players alternate between all eight characters , making critical decisions as the story advances which drastically affects the game 's outcome , leading to hundreds of different scenarios .   Until Dawn was met with a positive critical response upon release , with praise directed at the visuals , ` choice ' mechanic , horror elements , music , characters , voice acting , and gameplay design . Most of the criticism the game drew concerned the second half of the story , the camera angles , character movement , and the game 's partially linear plot .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Timothy Olyphant was born.", "evidence": "Timothy David Olyphant -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0254\u02d0l\u028cf\u026ant -RSB- ; born May 20 , 1968 -RRB- is an American actor and producer . He made his acting debut in Off-Broadway theater in 1995 in The Monogamist , winning the Theatre World Award for his performance , and then originated David Sedaris ' The Santaland Diaries in 1996 . Following this he branched out to film ; in the early years of his career , he was often cast in supporting villainous roles , most notably in Scream 2 -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Go -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , A Man Apart -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and The Girl Next Door -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . He came to the attention of a wider audience with his portrayal of Sheriff Seth Bullock in HBO 's western Deadwood -LRB- 2004 -- 2006 -RRB- . He then had starring roles in the romantic comedy Catch and Release -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the action film Hitman -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , the thriller A Perfect Getaway -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and the horror film The Crazies -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . He was a villain in Live Free or Die Hard -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and was a recurring guest star in season two of the FX legal thriller Damages -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .   The best-known performance of Olyphant 's career to date has been as Deputy U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens in FX 's modern-day Kentucky western Justified -LRB- 2010 -- 2015 -RRB- . He was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2011 . He later had guest appearances in numerous television sitcoms including The Office -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , The Mindy Project -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and The Grinder -LRB- 2015 -- 2016 -RRB- , for which he won a Critics Choice Award . Olyphant currently stars with Drew Barrymore in the Netflix comedy Santa Clarita Diet -LRB- 2017 -RRB- , and is also an executive producer on the show .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Telangana contains the city Warangal.", "evidence": "Telangana -LRB- t -RRB- is one of the 29 states in India , located in southern India . Formed in June 2014 as the youngest state in India , from the northwestern part of the Joint State of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana has an area of 112077 km2 , and a population of 35,193,978 -LRB- 2011 census -RRB- . It is the twelfth largest state in India , and the twelfth most populated state in India . Its major cities include Hyderabad , Warangal , Khammam , Karimnagar and Nizamabad . Telangana is bordered by the states of Maharashtra to the north and north west , Chhattisgarh to the north , Karnataka to the west and Andhra Pradesh to the east and south .   Telangana had a history as the Telugu-speaking region of the princely state of Hyderabad , ruled by the Nizam of Hyderabad . It joined the Union of India in 1948 . In 1956 , the Hyderabad state was dissolved as part of the linguistic reorganisation of states and Telangana was merged with former Andhra State to form Andhra Pradesh . Following a movement for separation , Telangana was awarded separate statehood on 2 June 2014 . Hyderabad will continue to serve as the joint capital city for Andhra Pradesh and Telangana for no more than ten years .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bonnie Hunt narrated Cheaper by the Dozen.", "evidence": "Cheaper by the Dozen is a 2003 American family comedy film which takes its title from the autobiographical book of the same name by Frank B. Gilbreth , Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey , but despite the title and the concept of a family with twelve children , ranging from 5 year old Nigel & Kyle to 22 year old Nora , the film bears no resemblance to the book nor its original film adaptation , although it is mentioned that the mother 's maiden name is Gilbreth . The film was directed by Shawn Levy , narrated by Bonnie Hunt , and starring Steve Martin . The film was released on December 25 , 2003 by 20th Century Fox , ultimately grossing just over $ 190 million worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Levant was ruled by the House of Lusignan.", "evidence": "The House of Lusignan -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8lu\u02d0z\u1d7bnj\u0252n -RSB- -RRB- was a royal house of French origin , which ruled much of Europe and the Levant , including the kingdoms of Jerusalem , Cyprus , and Armenia , from the 12th through the 15th centuries during the Middle Ages . It also had great influence in England and France .   The family originated in Poitou , near Lusignan in western France , in the early 10th century . By the end of the 11th century , the family had risen to become the most prominent petty lords in the region from their castle at Lusignan . In the late 12th century , through marriages and inheritance , a cadet branch of the family came to control the kingdoms of Jerusalem and Cyprus . In the early 13th century , the main branch succeeded in the Counties of La Marche and Angoul\u00eame .   As Crusader kings in the Latin East , they soon had connections with the Hethumid rulers of the Kingdom of Cilicia , which they inherited through marriage in the mid-14th century . The Armenian branch fled to France , and eventually Russia , after the Mamluk conquest of their kingdom .   The claim was taken by the Cypriot branch , until their line failed . This kingdom was annexed by the Republic of Venice in the late 15th century .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Ten Commandments influence multiple religions.", "evidence": "The Ten Commandments , also known as the Decalogue , are a set of biblical laws relating to ethics and worship , which play a fundamental role in Judaism , Christianity , and Islam . The commandments include instructions to worship only God , to honour one 's parents , and to keep the sabbath , as well as prohibitions against idolatry , blasphemy , murder , adultery , theft , dishonesty , and coveting . Different religious groups follow different traditions for interpreting and numbering them .   The Ten Commandments appear twice in the Hebrew Bible , in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy . Modern scholarship has found likely influences in Hittite and Mesopotamian laws and treaties , but is divided over exactly when the Ten Commandments were written and who wrote them .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.", "evidence": "The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the third and final installment in The Hangover trilogy . The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong . The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Tambor , Heather Graham , Mike Epps , Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin . The film follows the `` Wolfpack '' -LRB- Phil , Stu , Doug , and Alan -RRB- as they try to get Alan the help he needs after facing a personal crisis . However , things go awry when an incident from the original film comes back to haunt them .   The Hangover Part III was announced days before the release of The Hangover Part II and Mazin , who co-wrote Part II , was brought on board . In January 2012 , the principal actors re-signed to star . In March 2012 , Warner Bros. announced a U.S. Memorial Weekend release . The supporting roles were cast between June and September 2012 . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Los Angeles , California before moving to Nogales , Arizona and Las Vegas , Nevada . The film was released on May 23 , 2013 .  The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the third and final installment in The Hangover trilogy . The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong . The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Tambor , Heather Graham , Mike Epps , Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin . The film follows the `` Wolfpack '' -LRB- Phil , Stu , Doug , and Alan -RRB- as they try to get Alan the help he needs after facing a personal crisis . However , things go awry when an incident from the original film comes back to haunt them .   The Hangover Part III was announced days before the release of The Hangover Part II and Mazin , who co-wrote Part II , was brought on board . In January 2012 , the principal actors re-signed to star . In March 2012 , Warner Bros. announced a U.S. Memorial Weekend release . The supporting roles were cast between June and September 2012 . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Los Angeles , California before moving to Nogales , Arizona and Las Vegas , Nevada . The film was released on May 23 , 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ariana Grande's second album debuted at number one in the United States when it was released in 2014.", "evidence": "Ariana Grande-Butera -LRB- born June 26 , 1993 -RRB- , known as Ariana Grande -LRB- -LSB- \u02cc\u0251ri\u02c8\u0251\u02d0n\u0259_\u02c8\u0261r\u0251\u02d0nde\u026a -RSB- -RRB- , is an American singer and actress . She began her career in the Broadway musical 13 , before landing the role of Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon television series Victorious in 2009 . The show ended after four seasons , and Grande starred in the spinoff , Sam & Cat , which ended in 2014 . She has also appeared in other theatre and television roles , and has lent her voice to animated television and films .   Grande 's music career began with the soundtrack Music from Victorious -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . She signed a recording contract with Republic Records and released her debut studio album , Yours Truly , in 2013 , which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 . The album 's lead single , `` The Way '' , debuted in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 , with critics comparing her wide vocal range to that of Mariah Carey .   Grande 's second studio album , My Everything -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , debuted at number one in the US and charted in the top 10 in 24 other countries . With the lead single `` Problem '' and several others from that album , she was continuously in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 for 34 weeks and had the most top 10 singles of any artist in 2014 . In 2015 , Grande promoted My Everything with her first world tour , The Honeymoon Tour , guest-starred in the Fox comedy horror television series , Scream Queens and released a holiday EP , Christmas & Chill . In 2016 , she released her third studio album , Dangerous Woman , and several songs from the album . The title track debuted at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 , making Grande the first person in the history of that chart to have the lead single from each of her first three albums debut in the top 10 . The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 . As of January 2017 , Grande 's music videos had been viewed a total of more than seven billion times online .   Grande 's accolades include three American Music Awards , an MTV Video Music Award , three MTV Europe Music Awards and four Grammy Award nominations . All three of her albums have been certified platinum by the RIAA . She has actively supported a range of charities , and has a large following on social media ; she is the second most followed person on Instagram . In 2016 , Time named Grande one of the 100 most influential people in the world on the annual Time 100 list .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ted Bundy committed assaults in the seventies.", "evidence": "Theodore Robert Bundy -LRB- born Theodore Robert Cowell ; November 24 , 1946 -- January 24 , 1989 -RRB- was an American serial killer , kidnapper , rapist , burglar , and necrophile who assaulted and murdered numerous young women and girls during the 1970s , and possibly earlier . Shortly before his execution -- after more than a decade of denials -- he confessed to 30 homicides committed in seven states between 1974 and 1978 . The true victim count remains unknown , and could be much higher .   Bundy was regarded by many of his young female victims as handsome and charismatic , traits that he exploited to win their trust . He typically approached them in public places , feigning injury or disability , or impersonating an authority figure , before overpowering and assaulting them at more secluded locations . He sometimes revisited his secondary crime scenes for hours at a time , grooming and performing sexual acts with the decomposing corpses until putrefaction and destruction by wild animals made further interaction impossible . He decapitated at least 12 of his victims , and kept some of the severed heads in his apartment for a period of time as mementos . On a few occasions , he simply broke into dwellings at night and bludgeoned his victims as they slept .   Initially incarcerated in Utah in 1975 for aggravated kidnapping and attempted criminal assault , Bundy became a suspect in a progressively longer list of unsolved homicides in multiple states . Facing murder charges in Colorado , he engineered two dramatic escapes and committed further assaults , including three murders , before his ultimate recapture in Florida in 1978 . He received three death sentences in two separate trials for the Florida homicides .   Bundy died in the electric chair at Raiford Prison in Starke , Florida , on January 24 , 1989 . Biographer Ann Rule described him as `` a sadistic sociopath who took pleasure from another human 's pain and the control he had over his victims , to the point of death , and even after '' . He once called himself `` the most cold-hearted son of a bitch you 'll ever meet '' . Attorney Polly Nelson , a member of his last defense team , agreed : `` Ted '' , she wrote , `` was the very definition of heartless evil . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chinese people only can be associated with Spain through nationality.", "evidence": "Chinese people are the various individuals or groups of people associated with China , either through ancestry , ethnicity , nationality , citizenship , or other affiliation .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Schindler's List was released in 1993.", "evidence": "Schindler 's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian . It is based on the novel Schindler 's Ark by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally . The film relates a period in the life of Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman , during which he saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees from the Holocaust by employing them in his factories during World War II . It stars Liam Neeson as Schindler , Ralph Fiennes as SS officer Amon G\u00f6th , and Ben Kingsley as Schindler 's Jewish accountant Itzhak Stern .   Ideas for a film about the Schindlerjuden -LRB- Schindler Jews -RRB- were proposed as early as 1963 . Poldek Pfefferberg , one of the Schindlerjuden , made it his life 's mission to tell the story of Schindler . Spielberg became interested in the story when executive Sidney Sheinberg sent him a book review of Schindler 's Ark. . Universal Pictures bought the rights to the novel , but Spielberg , unsure if he was ready to make a film about the Holocaust , tried to pass the project to several other directors before finally deciding to direct the film himself .   Principal photography took place in Krak\u00f3w , Poland , over the course of 72 days in 1993 . Spielberg shot the film in black and white and approached it as a documentary . Cinematographer Janusz Kami\u0144ski wanted to give the film a sense of timelessness . John Williams composed the score , and violinist Itzhak Perlman performs the film 's main theme .   Schindler 's List premiered on November 30 , 1993 , in Washington , D.C. and it was released on December 15 , 1993 , in the United States . Often listed among the greatest films ever made , it was also a box office success , earning $ 321.2 million worldwide on a $ 22 million budget . It was the recipient of seven Academy Awards -LRB- out of twelve nominations -RRB- , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Adapted Screenplay , and Best Original Score , as well as numerous other awards -LRB- including seven BAFTAs and three Golden Globes -RRB- . In 2007 , the American Film Institute ranked the film 8th on its list of the 100 best American films of all time . The Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry in 2004 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Zeus is an angel.", "evidence": "Zeus -LSB- \u02c8zju : s -RSB- -LRB- \u0396\u03b5\u03cd\u03c2 , Ze\u00fas , -LSB- zde\u01d4\u032fs -RSB- Modern \u0394\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 , D\u00edas -LSB- \u02c8\u00f0i.as -RSB- -RRB- is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus . His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter . His mythologies and powers are similar , though not identical , to those of the Indo-European deities such as Indra , Jupiter , Perun , Thor , and Odin .   Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , the youngest of his siblings to be born , though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus 's stomach . In most traditions , he is married to Hera , by whom he is usually said to have fathered Ares , Hebe , and Hephaestus . At the oracle of Dodona , his consort was said to be Dione , by whom the Iliad states that he fathered Aphrodite . Zeus was also infamous for his erotic escapades . These resulted in many godly and heroic offspring , including Athena , Apollo , Artemis , Hermes , Persephone , Dionysus , Perseus , Heracles , Helen of Troy , Minos , and the Muses .   He was respected as an allfather who was chief of the gods and assigned the others to their roles : `` Even the gods who are not his natural children address him as Father , and all the gods rise in his presence . '' He was equated with many foreign weather gods , permitting Pausanias to observe `` That Zeus is king in heaven is a saying common to all men '' . Zeus ' symbols are the thunderbolt , eagle , bull , and oak . In addition to his Indo-European inheritance , the classical `` cloud-gatherer '' -LRB- Greek : \u039d\u03b5\u03c6\u03b5\u03bb\u03b7\u03b3\u03b5\u03c1\u03ad\u03c4\u03b1 , Nephel\u0113gereta -RRB- also derives certain iconographic traits from the cultures of the ancient Near East , such as the scepter . Zeus is frequently depicted by Greek artists in one of two poses : standing , striding forward with a thunderbolt leveled in his raised right hand , or seated in majesty .  Polytheistic peoples of many cultures have postulated a thunder god , the personification or source of the forces of thunder and lightning ; a lightning god does not have a typical depiction , and will vary based on the culture . In Indo-European cultures , the thunder god is frequently known as the chief or king of the gods , e.g. Indra in Hinduism , Zeus in Greek mythology , and Perun in ancient Slavic religion ; or a close relation thereof , e.g. Thor , son of Odin , in Norse mythology . This is also true of Shango in Yoruba religion and in the syncretic religions of the African Diaspora , such as Santer\u00eda -LRB- Cuba , Puerto Rico , United States and Candombl\u00e9 -LRB- Brazil -RRB- .   In Greek mythology , the Elysian Fields , or the Elysian Plains , the final resting places of the souls of the heroic and the virtuous , evolved from a designation of a place or person struck by lightning , enelysion , enelysios . This could be a reference to Zeus , the god of lightning/Jupiter , so `` lightning-struck '' could be saying that the person was blessed -LRB- struck -RRB- by Zeus -LRB- / lightning/fortune -RRB- . Egyptologist Jan Assmann has also suggested that Greek Elysion may have instead been derived from the Egyptian term ialu -LRB- older iaru -RRB- , meaning `` reeds , '' with specific reference to the `` Reed fields '' -LRB- Egyptian : sekhet iaru / ialu -RRB- , a paradisiacal land of plenty where the dead hoped to spend eternity .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Escape from Planet Earth is an American film.", "evidence": "Escape from Planet Earth is a 2013 Canadian-American 3D computer animated science fiction-comedy film produced by Rainmaker Entertainment and distributed by The Weinstein Company in the United States and Alliance Films in Canada , directed by Cal Brunker which he co-wrote with Bob Barlen , and starring the voices of Rob Corddry , Brendan Fraser , Sarah Jessica Parker , William Shatner , Jessica Alba , Craig Robinson , George Lopez , Jane Lynch and Sof\u00eda Vergara . The film was released on February 15 , 2013 . This was the first Rainmaker Entertainment film released in theaters . It was also Jessica Alba 's voice debut in an animated feature . The film earned $ 74.6 million on a $ 40 million budget .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Venus Williams has won multiple Wimbledons.", "evidence": "Venus Ebony Starr Williams -LRB- born June 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .   Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks . She first became the World No. 1 on February 25 , 2002 , the first African American woman to do so in the Open Era . On 10 June 2002 , Venus and Serena became the first sisters to hold the No. 1 and No. 2 spots in the singles rankings , respectively . On 7 June 2010 , Venus became co-No . 1 in doubles with Serena after they won their 4th consecutive grand slam doubles title at Roland Garros . By virtue of that doubles ascension , Venus became one of seven women to reach No. 1 in singles and No. 1 in doubles . On 21 June 2010 , Venus and Serena again occupied the No. 2 and No. 1 spots in the singles rankings , respectively . This came almost exactly 8 years after first accomplishing this feat . At the time , Venus had just celebrated her 30th birthday and Serena was three months shy of her 29th birthday , both ages at which many of their peers had retired .   Her seven Grand Slam singles titles ties her twelfth on the all-time list , more than any other active female player except sister Serena . She has also won fourteen Grand Slam doubles titles and two mixed doubles titles . Her five Wimbledon singles titles ties her with two other women for eighth place on the all-time list . Williams is one of four women to have won five or more Wimbledon singles titles in the Open Era . From the 2000 Wimbledon Championships to the 2001 US Open , Williams won four of the six Grand Slam singles tournaments held . She is one of only six women in the Open Era to win 200 or more main draw Grand Slam singles matches . At the 2017 French Open , Williams extended her record as the all-time leader , male or female , in Grand Slams played , with 74 . Furthermore , Williams ' run to the 2017 Australian Open Women 's Singles final set the record for longest span between singles slam finals in the open era at 20 years , the beginning of which was marked by her appearance in the singles final at the 1997 US Open .   Williams has won four Olympic gold medals , one in singles and three in women 's doubles , along with a silver medal in mixed doubles .  She and Serena have won more Olympic gold medals than any other tennis player , male or female . Venus also holds the record for the most Olympic medals won by a male or female tennis player , shared with Kathleen McKane Godfree . She is the only tennis player to have won a medal at four separate Olympic Games . At the 2000 Sydney Olympics , Williams became only the second player to win Olympic gold medals in both singles and doubles at the same Olympic Games , after Helen Wills Moody in 1924 .   With 49 singles titles , Williams is behind only Serena among active players on the WTA Tour . Her 35-match winning streak from the 2000 Wimbledon Championships to the 2000 Generali Ladies Linz tournament final is the longest since January 1 , 2000 . She is also one of only three active WTA players to have made the finals of all four Grand Slams , along with Serena and Russian Maria Sharapova . By winning her 49th career singles title at the 2016 Taiwan Open , Williams became the 5th oldest WTA Tour titlist in the Open Era , at 35 years , 7 months and 28 days .   Williams has played against her sister in 27 professional matches since 1998 , and won 11 . They have played against each other in nine Grand Slam singles finals , with Venus holding a 2-7 record . Venus has 8 runner-up finishes in grand slam singles events with Martina Hingis being the only player other than Serena to beat Venus in a major final at the 1997 US Open . Beginning with the 2002 French Open , they opposed each other in four consecutive Grand Slam singles finals , the first time sisters had so met in the Open Era . On the other side , the pair have won 14 Grand Slam doubles titles playing alongside each other and are undefeated in Grand Slam finals .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Quentin Tarantino directed a creative work.", "evidence": "Quentin Jerome Tarantino -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u00e6r\u0259n\u02c8ti\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born March 27 , 1963 -RRB- is an American director , writer , and actor . His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines , satirical subject matter , an aestheticization of violence , extended scenes of dialogue , ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers , references to popular culture , soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and features of neo-noir film . He is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation .   His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance . In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire . Its popularity was boosted by his second film , Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , a black comedy crime film that was a major success both among critics and audiences . Judged the greatest film from 1983 -- 2008 by Entertainment Weekly , many critics and scholars have named it one of the most significant works of modern cinema . For his next effort , Tarantino paid homage to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s with Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch .   Kill Bill , a highly stylized `` revenge flick '' in the cinematic traditions of Kung fu films , Japanese martial arts , Spaghetti Westerns and Italian horror , followed six years later , and was released as two films : Volume 1 in 2003 and Volume 2 in 2004 . Tarantino directed Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as part of a double feature with friend Robert Rodriguez , under the collective title Grindhouse . His long-postponed Inglourious Basterds , which tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany 's political leadership , was released in 2009 to positive reviews . After that came 2012 's critically acclaimed Django Unchained , a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South . It became the highest-grossing film of his career so far , making over $ 425 million at the box office . His eighth film , the mystery Western The Hateful Eight , was released in its roadshow version December 25 , 2015 , in 70 mm film format , complete with opening `` overture '' and halfway-point intermission , after the fashion of big-budget films of the 1960s and early 1970s .   Tarantino 's films have garnered both critical and commercial success . He has received many industry awards , including two Academy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , two BAFTA Awards and the Palme d'Or , and has been nominated for an Emmy and a Grammy . He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World by Time in 2005 . Filmmaker and historian Peter Bogdanovich has called him `` the single most influential director of his generation '' . In December 2015 , Tarantino received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the film industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Beatles had Stuart Sutcliffe initially serve as their agent.", "evidence": "The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 . With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era . Rooted in skiffle , beat and 1950s rock and roll , the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles , ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock , often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways . In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as `` Beatlemania '' , and as the group 's music grew in sophistication in subsequent years , led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney , they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s .   The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player . The core of Lennon , McCartney and Harrison went through a succession of drummers , including Pete Best , before asking Starr to join them in 1962 . Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act , and producer George Martin guided and developed their recordings , greatly expanding their popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit , `` Love Me Do '' , in late 1962 . They acquired the nickname `` the Fab Four '' as Beatlemania grew in Britain the next year , and by early 1964 became international stars , leading the `` British Invasion '' of the United States pop market . From 1965 onwards , the Beatles produced increasingly innovative recordings , including the albums Rubber Soul -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , Revolver -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , The Beatles -LRB- commonly known as the White Album , 1968 -RRB- and Abbey Road -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . After their break-up in 1970 , they each enjoyed successful musical careers of varying lengths . McCartney and Starr , the surviving members , remain musically active . Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980 , and Harrison died of lung cancer in November 2001 .   The Beatles are the best-selling band in history , with estimated sales of over 600 million records worldwide . They have had more number-one albums on the British charts and sold more singles in the UK than any other act . According to the RIAA , the Beatles are also the best-selling music artists in the United States , with 178 million certified units . In 2008 , the group topped Billboard magazine 's list of the all-time most successful `` Hot 100 '' artists ; , they hold the record for most number-one hits on the Hot 100 chart with twenty . They have received ten Grammy Awards , an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score and fifteen Ivor Novello Awards . The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 , and all four were inducted individually from 1994 to 2015 . They were also collectively included in Time magazine 's compilation of the twentieth century 's 100 most influential people .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "50 First Dates has no comedic elements.", "evidence": "50 First Dates is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Segal and written by George Wing . The film stars Adam Sandler as a lothario veterinarian and Drew Barrymore as an amnesiac , along with Rob Schneider , Sean Astin , Lusia Strus , Blake Clark , and Dan Aykroyd . Most of the film was shot on location in Oahu , Hawaii on the Windward side and the North Shore . Sandler and Barrymore won an MTV award . The fictitious memory impairment suffered by Barrymore 's character , Goldfield 's Syndrome , is similar to short term memory loss and anterograde amnesia . The 2014 Malayalam film Ormayundo Ee Mukham is inspired by 50 First Dates .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "A Nightmare on Elm Street was directed by Craven.", "evidence": "A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American slasher film written and directed by Wes Craven , and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise . The film stars Heather Langenkamp , John Saxon , Ronee Blakley , Amanda Wyss , Jsu Garcia , Robert Englund , and Johnny Depp in his feature film debut . The plot revolves around several teenagers who are stalked and killed in their dreams -LRB- and thus killed in reality -RRB- by Freddy Krueger . The teenagers are unaware of the cause of this strange phenomenon , but their parents hold a dark secret from long ago .   Craven filmed A Nightmare on Elm Street on an estimated budget of $ 1.8 million , a sum the film earned back during its first week . The film went on to gross over $ 25 million at the United States box office . A Nightmare on Elm Street was met with rave critical reviews and went on to make a very significant impact on the horror genre , spawning a franchise consisting of a line of sequels , a television series , a crossover with Friday the 13th , beyond various other works of imitation ; a remake of the same name was released in 2010 .   The film is credited with carrying on many tropes found in low-budget horror films of the 1970s and 1980s , originating in John Carpenter 's 1978 horror film Halloween , including the morality play that revolves around sexual promiscuity in teenagers resulting in their eventual death , leading to the term `` slasher film '' . Critics and film historians state that the film 's premise is the struggle to define the distinction between dreams and reality , manifested by the lives and dreams of the teens in the film . Critics today praise the film 's ability to transgress `` the boundaries between the imaginary and real '' , toying with audience perceptions .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charlize Theron acted in The Burning Plain.", "evidence": "Charlize Theron -LRB- -LSB- \u0283\u0251\u02d0r\u02c8li\u02d0z_\u02c8\u03b8\u025br\u0259n -RSB- or -LSB- \u0283\u0251r\u02c8li\u02d0s_\u02c8\u03b8\u025b\u0259r\u0259n -RSB- ; -LSB- \u0283ar\u02c8lis tr\u0254n -RSB- ; born 7 August 1975 -RRB- is a South African-American actress and film producer . She has starred in several Hollywood films , such as The Devil 's Advocate -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Mighty Joe Young -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , The Cider House Rules -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Monster -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Italian Job -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Hancock -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , A Million Ways to Die in the West -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Mad Max : Fury Road -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Fate of the Furious -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .   Theron received critical acclaim for her portrayal of serial killer Aileen Wuornos in Monster -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , for which she won the Academy Award , Silver Bear , Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Actress among several other accolades , becoming the first South African to win an Academy Award in a major acting category . She received Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for her performance in the sexual harassment-themed drama North Country in 2005 and a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance in Jason Reitman 's 2011 film Young Adult .   Theron became a U.S. citizen in 2007 , while retaining her South African citizenship . In the late 2000s , she moved into the field of producing , both in television and film . In 2006 , she produced the documentary East of Havana . She had producing credits on the films The Burning Plain -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Dark Places -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , both of which she starred in . In 2012 , she played Queen Ravenna in Snow White and the Huntsman and Meredith Vickers in Prometheus , both of which were box office successes . She reprised her role of Queen Ravenna in the 2016 follow-up film The Huntsman : Winter 's War . In 2016 , Time Magazine named her in the annual Time 100 most influential people list .  The Burning Plain is a 2008 drama film directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga , the screenwriter of Amores perros -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , 21 Grams -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and Babel -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . The film stars Charlize Theron , Jennifer Lawrence , Kim Basinger and Joaquim de Almeida . In Arriaga 's directorial debut , he films a story that has multipart story strands woven together as in his previous screenplays . Filming of The Burning Plain began in New Mexico in November 2007 , and the film was released in late 2008 in various festivals , before a limited theatrical release in 2009 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "International Relations includes communication.", "evidence": "International relations -LRB- IR -RRB- or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines . In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities -LRB- polities -RRB- such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations -LRB- IGOs -RRB- , international non-governmental organizations -LRB- INs -RRB- , non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- , and multinational corporations -LRB- MNCs -RRB- , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction . International relations is an academic and a public policy field , and so can be positive and normative , because it analyzes and formulates the foreign policy of a given State .   As political activity , international relations dates from the time of the Greek historian Thucydides -LRB- c. 460 -- 395 BC -RRB- , and , in the early 20th century , became a discrete academic field -LRB- No. 5901 in the 4-digit UNESCO Nomenclature -RRB- within political science . In practice International Relations and International Affairs forms a separate academic program or field from Political Science , and the courses taught therein are highly interdisciplinary .   For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy . The scope of international relations comprehends globalization , diplomatic relations , state sovereignty , international security , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , as well as terrorism and organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism , and human rights , as well , as , more recently , comparative religion .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jemaine Clement refuses to have anything to do with comedy.", "evidence": "Jemaine Clement -LRB- born 10 January 1974 -RRB- is a New Zealand comedian , actor , voice actor , singer , writer , director , and multi-instrumentalist , known as one half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Bret McKenzie .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Usain Bolt has competed in a sprint race in track and field in world competitions.", "evidence": "Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ju\u02d0se\u026an -RSB- born 21 August 1986 -RRB- is a Jamaican sprinter . He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory . He also holds the world record as a part of the 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay . He is the reigning world and Olympic champion in these three events . Due to his unprecedented dominance and achievements in sprint competition , he is widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time .   An eight-time Olympic gold medalist , Bolt won the 100 m , 200 m and 4 \u00d7 100 m relay at three consecutive Olympic Games , although he subsequently lost one of the gold medals -LRB- as well as the world record set therein -RRB- nine years after the fact due to teammate Nesta Carter 's disqualification for doping offences . He gained worldwide popularity for his double sprint victory at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in world record times . Bolt is the only sprinter to win Olympic 100 m and 200 m titles at three consecutive olympics -LRB- 2008 , 2012 and 2016 -RRB- , a feat referred to as the `` triple double . ''   An eleven-time World Champion , he won consecutive World Championship 100 m , 200 m and 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay gold medals from 2009 to 2015 , with the exception of a 100 m false start in 2011 . He is the most successful athlete of the World Championships and was the first athlete to win three titles in both the 100 m and 200 m at the competition .   Bolt improved upon his first 100 m world record of 9.69 with 9.58 seconds in 2009 -- the biggest improvement since the start of electronic timing . He has twice broken the 200 metres world record , setting 19.30 in 2008 and 19.19 in 2009 . He has helped Jamaica to three 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay world records , with the current record being 36.84 seconds set in 2012 . Bolt 's most successful event is the 200 m , with three Olympic and four World titles . The 2008 Olympics was his international debut over 100 m ; he had earlier won numerous 200 m medals -LRB- including 2007 World Championship silver -RRB- and holds the world under-20 and world under-18 records for the event .   His achievements as a sprinter have earned him the media nickname `` Lightning Bolt '' , and his awards include the IAAF World Athlete of the Year , Track & Field Athlete of the Year , and Laureus World Sportsman of the Year -LRB- four times -RRB- . Bolt has stated that he intends to retire from athletics after the 2017 World Championships .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The main successor to the internet was the ARPANET.", "evidence": "The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite -LRB- TCP/IP -RRB- to link devices worldwide . It is a network of networks that consists of private , public , academic , business , and government networks of local to global scope , linked by a broad array of electronic , wireless , and optical networking technologies . The Internet carries an extensive range of information resources and services , such as the inter-linked hypertext documents and applications of the World Wide Web -LRB- WWW -RRB- , electronic mail , telephony , and file sharing .   The origins of the Internet date back to research commissioned by the United States federal government in the 1960s to build robust , fault-tolerant communication via computer networks . The primary precursor network , the ARPANET , initially served as a backbone for interconnection of regional academic and military networks in the 1980s . The funding of the National Science Foundation Network as a new backbone in the 1980s , as well as private funding for other commercial extensions , led to worldwide participation in the development of new networking technologies , and the merger of many networks . The linking of commercial networks and enterprises by the early 1990s marks the beginning of the transition to the modern Internet , and generated a sustained exponential growth as generations of institutional , personal , and mobile computers were connected to the network . Although the Internet was widely used by academia since the 1980s , the commercialization incorporated its services and technologies into virtually every aspect of modern life .   Internet use grew rapidly in the West from the mid-1990s and from the late 1990s in the developing world . In the two decades since then , Internet use has grown 100-times , measured for the period of one year , to over one third of the world population . Most traditional communications media , including telephony , radio , television , paper mail and newspapers are being reshaped or redefined by the Internet , giving birth to new services such as email , Internet telephony , Internet television , online music , digital newspapers , and video streaming websites . Newspaper , book , and other print publishing are adapting to website technology , or are reshaped into blogging , web feeds and online news aggregators . The Internet has enabled and accelerated new forms of personal interactions through instant messaging , Internet forums , and social networking . Online shopping has grown exponentially both for major retailers and small businesses and entrepreneurs , as it enables firms to extend their `` brick and mortar '' presence to serve a larger market or even sell goods and services entirely online . Business-to-business and financial services on the Internet affect supply chains across entire industries .   The Internet has no centralized governance in either technological implementation or policies for access and usage ; each constituent network sets its own policies . Only the overreaching definitions of the two principal name spaces in the Internet , the Internet Protocol address space and the Domain Name System -LRB- DNS -RRB- , are directed by a maintainer organization , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers -LRB- ICANN -RRB- . The technical underpinning and standardization of the core protocols is an activity of the Internet Engineering Task Force -LRB- IETF -RRB- , a non-profit organization of loosely affiliated international participants that anyone may associate with by contributing technical expertise .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sarrainodu is an action movie.", "evidence": "Sarrainodu -LRB- The Right Person -RRB- is a 2016 Indian Telugu-language action-masala film written and directed by Boyapati Srinu . Produced by Allu Aravind under the Geetha Arts banner , it features Allu Arjun , Aadhi Pinisetty , Rakul Preet Singh and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles while Srikanth appears in a supporting role . S. Thaman composed the film 's score and soundtrack . Rishi Punjabi is the cinematographer . The film had a theatrical release on 22 April 2016 , received mixed reviews . The film was dubbed in Hindi and released under the same title in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jawbreaker (film) stars an Italian-born American actress, film producer, director and singer.", "evidence": "Jawbreaker is a 1999 American black comedy film written and directed by Darren Stein . The film stars Rose McGowan , Rebecca Gayheart , Julie Benz , and Judy Greer as girls in an exclusive clique in their high school . Charlotte Ayanna has a non-speaking cameo role as a murdered prom queen . The film was inspired by the film Heathers , and is often compared to it , particularly the plot involving a popular female clique , and the ostensibly accidental killing of one of its members .   Of his concept for the film , Stein has stated `` The jawbreaker just came to represent the duality of the poppy sweetness of the girls , of high school and of youth , versus the whole idea that this thing could break your jaw '' . The film was released on February 19 , 1999 and was a critical and financial failure , although it has come to gain a cult following . Similarities have been drawn between Jawbreaker and the 2004 film Mean Girls .  Rose Arianna McGowan -LRB- born September 5 , 1973 -RRB- is an Italian-born American actress , film producer , director and singer . She is best known for playing Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series Charmed from 2001 to 2006 .   She made her film debut in the 1992 comedy Encino Man , where she played a small role . Her performance as Amy Blue in the 1995 dark comedy film The Doom Generation brought her wider attention , and received an Independent Spirit Award nomination . McGowan then appeared in the 1996 hit horror film Scream and starred alongside Ben Affleck in the 1997 coming-of-age feature Going All the Way . Later , she appeared in several Hollywood films , including Devil in the Flesh -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Jawbreaker -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Ready to Rumble -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Monkeybone -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and The Black Dahlia -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . In 2005 , McGowan played Ann-Margret alongside Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Elvis Presley in the CBS miniseries Elvis . In 2007 , she starred in Planet Terror , part of the double-feature film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino , Grindhouse . The following year , she starred in the crime thriller film Fifty Dead Men Walking .   In 1996 , McGowan was the cover model for the Henry Mancini tribute album Shots in the Dark ; and she was the face of American clothing company Bebe from 1998 to 1999 . She has also appeared on numerous magazine covers , including Seventeen , Interview , Maxim , GQ , Entertainment Weekly and Rolling Stone .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kurt Sutter is the creator of Sons of Anarchy.", "evidence": "Kurt Leon Sutter -LRB- born May 5 , 1960 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and actor . He worked as a producer , writer , and director on The Shield , and appeared on the show as hitman Margos Dezerian . Sutter is also the creator of Sons of Anarchy on FX ; he wrote , produced , and directed the series , as well as played incarcerated club member Otto Delaney . Sutter spent time with members of an outlaw motorcycle club in Northern California as research for Sons of Anarchy . Sutter 's wife , actress Katey Sagal , was one of the show 's lead actresses .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "La La Anthony has a middle name.", "evidence": "Alani Nicole `` La La '' Anthony -LRB- n\u00e9e V\u00e1zquez ; born June 25 , 1979 -RRB- is a television personality , New York Times best-selling author , business woman , producer and actress .   In the early 2000s , La La came to prominence as an MTV VJ on Total Request Live . La La can be seen in the Starz original drama series , Power , executive produced by 50 Cent and starring Omari Hardwick and Naturi Naughton .   In 2014 La La reprised her role as Sonia in the film Think Like a Man Too and in 2015 appeared in November Rule and Destined .   In 2004 La La began dating NBA player Carmelo Anthony and they were married by Michael Eric Dyson on July 10 , 2010 at Cipriani 's in New York City before 320 guests . The ceremony was filmed by VH1 and aired as part of a reality series on the couple , titled La La 's Full Court Wedding . La La and Carmelo Anthony 's son , Kiyan Carmelo Anthony , was born on March 7 , 2007 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lisa Marie Presley is an American singer.", "evidence": "Lisa Marie Presley -LRB- born February 1 , 1968 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter and actress . She is the daughter of musician-actor Elvis Presley and actress and business magnate Priscilla Presley . Sole heir to her father 's estate , she has developed a career in the music business and has issued three albums . Presley has been married four times , including to singer Michael Jackson and actor Nicolas Cage , before marrying music producer Michael Lockwood , father of her twin girls .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kingdom Hearts III is owned by Boyz II Men.", "evidence": "Kingdom Hearts III is an upcoming action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One . It is the twelfth installment in the Kingdom Hearts series , sequel to Kingdom Hearts II , and the final chapter in the Dark Seeker saga . Set after the events of Kingdom Hearts 3D : Dream Drop Distance , returning protagonist Sora is joined by Donald Duck , Goofy , King Mickey and Riku in their search for the seven guardians of light and the `` Key to Return Hearts '' as they attempt to thwart Master Xehanort 's plan to bring about a second Keyblade War . Their journey has them cross paths with characters , and visit worlds , based on Disney properties and Final Fantasy .   Concepts for the game began as early as 2006 , after the release of Kingdom Hearts II : Final Mix in Japan , with the game not officially confirmed to be in development until E3 2013 , after years of rumors and speculation . Kingdom Hearts III sees many returning gameplay features from the series , while introducing new `` Attraction Flow '' attacks that incorporate Disney Parks attractions . The game also is the first in the series to utilize Unreal Engine 4 .  is a series of crossover action role-playing games owned by Disney Interactive Studios and developed and published by Square Enix -LRB- originally by Square -RRB- . It is a collaboration between Disney Interactive and Square Enix , and is under the direction of Tetsuya Nomura , a longtime Square Enix character designer .   Kingdom Hearts is a crossover of various Disney settings based in a universe made specifically for the series . The series primarily centers on the main character Sora and his journey and experiences with various Disney , Final Fantasy and The World Ends with You characters , whilst stopping the various incarnations of the primary antagonist Xehanort throughout the series . All characters original to the Kingdom Hearts franchise are owned by The Walt Disney Company .   The series consists of eight games across multiple video game consoles , and future titles are planned . Most of the games in the series have been both critically acclaimed and commercially successful . As of October 2013 , the Kingdom Hearts series has sold over 25 million copies worldwide . A wide variety of related merchandise has been released along with the games , including soundtracks , figurines , companion books , novels and manga series .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Keanu Reeves is a film actor.", "evidence": "Keanu Charles Reeves -LRB- -LSB- ki\u02d0\u02c8\u0251\u02d0nu\u02d0 -RSB- ; born September 2 , 1964 -RRB- is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .   Reeves is best known for his acting career , beginning in 1985 and spanning more than three decades . He gained fame for his starring role performances in several blockbuster films including comedies from the Bill and Ted franchise -LRB- 1989 -- 1991 -RRB- ; action thrillers Point Break -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Speed -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , and the John Wick franchise ; psychological thriller The Devil 's Advocate -LRB- 1997 -RRB- ; supernatural thriller Constantine -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; and science fiction/action series The Matrix -LRB- 1999 -- 2003 -RRB- . He has also appeared in dramatic films such as Dangerous Liaisons -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , My Own Private Idaho -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , and Little Buddha -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , as well as the romantic horror Bram Stoker 's Dracula -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .   Since becoming active in the film industry , Reeves has earned critical acclaim . One New York Times critic praised Reeves ' versatility , saying that he `` displays considerable discipline and range ... he moves easily between the buttoned-down demeanor that suits a police procedural story and the loose-jointed manner of his comic roles '' . However , Reeves has spent much of his later career being typecast . A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu . His acting has garnered several awards , including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .   During his film career , Reeves has engaged in several forms of artistic expression . Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky . Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet . He wrote the text for a picture book , Ode to Happiness , illustrated by Alexandra Grant . He has also produced a documentary , Side by Side , and directed the martial arts film Man of Tai Chi .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dwayne Johnson won the WWF Intercontinental Championship twice.", "evidence": "Dwayne Douglas Johnson -LRB- born May 2 , 1972 -RRB- , also known by his ring name , The Rock , is an American actor , producer , and professional wrestler . He holds both American and Canadian citizenships .   Born in California and raised in New Zealand and the U.S. states of Hawaii and Pennsylvania , Johnson was a college football player for the University of Miami , where he won a national championship on the 1991 Miami Hurricanes football team . He later played for the Calgary Stampeders in the Canadian Football League and was cut two months into the 1995 season . This led him to become a professional wrestler like his grandfather , Peter Maivia , and his father , Rocky Johnson , from whom he also inherited his Canadian citizenship .   Currently signed to WWE on a part-time contract , Johnson gained mainstream fame in the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF , now WWE -RRB- from 1996 to 2004 as a major figure in the company 's Attitude Era , and was the first third-generation wrestler in the company 's history . He returned to wrestling part-time for WWE from 2011 to 2013 and continues to make sporadic non-wrestling appearances for the company . Johnson has 17 championship reigns in WWE , including 10 as a world champion , winning the WWF/WWE Championship eight times -LRB- seventh reign was as WWE Undisputed Champion -RRB- and the WCW/World Championship twice . He won the WWF Intercontinental Championship twice and the WWF Tag Team Championship five times . Johnson is the sixth Triple Crown Champion in WWE history and won the 2000 Royal Rumble . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time .   Johnson 's autobiography The Rock Says ... , co-written with Joe Layden , was published in 2000 . It debuted at No. 1 on The New York Times Best Seller list , spent 20 weeks on The New York Times bestseller list , and sold 720,000 copies in hardcover alone .   Johnson 's first leading film role was in The Scorpion King in 2002 . For this role , he was paid US$ 5.5 million , a world record for an actor in his first starring role . He has since appeared in various films , and become known for his ability to reinvigorate film franchises . One of his more prominent roles is Luke Hobbs in The Fast and the Furious franchise ; its most recent film , The Fate of the Furious , was released in 2017 and has grossed over $ 1.1 billion worldwide , making it the second highest-grossing film of 2017 and the twelfth highest-grossing film of all time . He hosted and produced The Hero , a reality competition series ; and has since continued to produce TV series and films through his production company Seven Bucks Productions , each of which he also stars in . Forbes listed Johnson No. 25 in the Top 100 Most Powerful Celebrities in 2013 . He was the world 's highest-paid actor of 2016 . Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016 .  In 2015 , Muscle & Fitness named Johnson their `` Man of the Century '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Heartland is a canadian TV series.", "evidence": "Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .   The series is based on the Heartland book series by Lauren Brooke . Heartland follows sisters Amy and Lou Fleming , their grandfather Jack Bartlett , and Ty Borden , through the highs and lows of life at the ranch .   As of the episode shown on March 29 , 2015 , Heartland surpassed Street Legal as the longest-running one-hour scripted drama in the history of Canadian television . It celebrated its ten-year anniversary in 2016 , and Season 10 began airing October 2 , 2016 . It was announced on March 22 , 2017 that Heartland was renewed for Season 11 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "By the metrics of the RIAA, The Beatles have sold more than any recording artist in America.", "evidence": "The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 . With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era . Rooted in skiffle , beat and 1950s rock and roll , the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles , ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock , often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways . In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as `` Beatlemania '' , and as the group 's music grew in sophistication in subsequent years , led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney , they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s .   The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player . The core of Lennon , McCartney and Harrison went through a succession of drummers , including Pete Best , before asking Starr to join them in 1962 . Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act , and producer George Martin guided and developed their recordings , greatly expanding their popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit , `` Love Me Do '' , in late 1962 . They acquired the nickname `` the Fab Four '' as Beatlemania grew in Britain the next year , and by early 1964 became international stars , leading the `` British Invasion '' of the United States pop market . From 1965 onwards , the Beatles produced increasingly innovative recordings , including the albums Rubber Soul -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , Revolver -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , The Beatles -LRB- commonly known as the White Album , 1968 -RRB- and Abbey Road -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . After their break-up in 1970 , they each enjoyed successful musical careers of varying lengths . McCartney and Starr , the surviving members , remain musically active . Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980 , and Harrison died of lung cancer in November 2001 .   The Beatles are the best-selling band in history , with estimated sales of over 600 million records worldwide . They have had more number-one albums on the British charts and sold more singles in the UK than any other act . According to the RIAA , the Beatles are also the best-selling music artists in the United States , with 178 million certified units . In 2008 , the group topped Billboard magazine 's list of the all-time most successful `` Hot 100 '' artists ; , they hold the record for most number-one hits on the Hot 100 chart with twenty . They have received ten Grammy Awards , an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score and fifteen Ivor Novello Awards . The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 , and all four were inducted individually from 1994 to 2015 . They were also collectively included in Time magazine 's compilation of the twentieth century 's 100 most influential people .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The national tree of Bangladesh is the mango.", "evidence": "Mangoes are juicy stone fruit -LRB- drupe -RRB- from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit . The majority of these species are found in nature as wild mangoes . The genus belongs to the cashew family Anacardiaceae . Mangoes are native to South Asia , from where the `` common mango '' or `` Indian mango '' , Mangifera indica , has been distributed worldwide to become one of the most widely cultivated fruits in the tropics . Other Mangifera species -LRB- e.g. horse mango , Mangifera foetida -RRB- are also grown on a more localized basis .   It is the national fruit of India , Pakistan , and the Philippines , and the national tree of Bangladesh .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There are two major contemporary political parties, and William Jennings Bryan belongs to one of them.", "evidence": "William Jennings Bryan -LRB- March 19 , 1860 -- July 26 , 1925 -RRB- was an American orator and politician from Nebraska , and a dominant force in the populist wing of the Democratic Party , standing three times as the Party 's nominee for President of the United States -LRB- 1896 , 1900 , and 1908 -RRB- . He served two terms as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska and was United States Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson -LRB- 1913 -- 1915 -RRB- . He resigned because of his pacifist position on World War I. Bryan was a devout Presbyterian , a strong advocate of popular democracy , and an enemy of the banks and the gold standard . He demanded `` Free Silver '' because he believed it undermined the evil `` Money Power '' and put more cash in the hands of the common people . He was a peace advocate , a supporter of Prohibition , and an opponent of Darwinism on religious and humanitarian grounds . With his deep , commanding voice and wide travels , he was perhaps the best-known orator and lecturer of the era . Because of his faith in the wisdom of the common people , he was called `` The Great Commoner '' .   In the intensely fought 1896 and 1900 elections , he was defeated by William McKinley but retained control of the Democratic Party . With over 500 speeches in 1896 , Bryan invented the national stumping tour in an era when other presidential candidates stayed home . In his three presidential bids , he promoted Free Silver in 1896 , anti-imperialism in 1900 , and trust-busting in 1908 , calling on Democrats to fight the trusts -LRB- big corporations -RRB- and big banks , and embrace anti-elitist ideals of republicanism . President Wilson appointed him Secretary of State in 1913 . After the Lusitania was torpedoed in 1915 , Wilson made strong demands on Germany that Bryan disagreed with , resigning in protest as a pacifist . After 1920 , he turned to Christian fundamentalism ; he supported Prohibition and attacked Darwinism and evolution , most famously at the Scopes Trial in 1925 in Tennessee . Five days after the conclusion of the Scopes case , Bryan died in his sleep .  The Democratic Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , along with the Republican Party . Tracing its heritage back to Thomas Jefferson and James Madison 's Democratic-Republican Party , the modern-day Democratic Party was founded around 1828 by Andrew Jackson , making it the world 's oldest active party .   The Democrats ' dominant worldview was once social conservativism and economic liberalism , while , especially in the rural South , populism was its leading characteristic . In 1912 , Theodore Roosevelt ran as a third-party candidate in the Progressive -LRB- `` Bull Moose '' -RRB- Party , leading to a switch of political platforms between the Democratic and Republican Party and Woodrow Wilson being elected as the first fiscally progressive Democrat . Since Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal coalition in the 1930s , the Democratic Party has also promoted a social-liberal platform , supporting social justice .   Today , the House Democratic caucus is composed mostly of progressives and centrists , with a smaller minority of conservative Democrats . The party 's philosophy of modern liberalism advocates social and economic equality , along with the welfare state . It seeks to provide government intervention and regulation in the economy . These interventions , such as the introduction of social programs , support for labor unions , affordable college tuitions , moves toward universal health care and equal opportunity , consumer protection , and environmental protection form the core of the party 's economic policy . The party has united with smaller liberal regional parties throughout the country , such as the Farmer -- Labor Party in Minnesota and the Nonpartisan League in North Dakota .   Well into the 20th century , the party had conservative pro-business and southern conservative-populist anti-business wings . The New Deal Coalition of 1932 -- 1964 attracted strong support from voters of recent European extraction -- many of whom were Catholics based in the cities . After Franklin D. Roosevelt 's New Deal of the 1930s , the pro-business wing withered outside the South . After the racial turmoil of the 1960s , most southern whites and many northern Catholics moved into the Republican Party at the presidential level . The once-powerful labor union element became smaller and less supportive after the 1970s . White Evangelicals and Southerners became heavily Republican at the state and local level in the 1990s . Racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. such as -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- Jewish Americans , Hispanic Americans , Arabic Americans , and African Americans , tend to support the Democratic Party in proportions higher than their overall representation in American society . Overall , the Democratic Party has retained a membership lead over its major rival the Republican Party -LRB- GOP -RRB- .   15 Democrats have served as president under 16 administrations : the first was seventh president Andrew Jackson , who served from 1829 to 1837 ; Grover Cleveland served two nonconsecutive terms from 1885 to 1889 and 1893 to 1897 , and is thus counted twice -LRB- as the 22nd and 24th president -RRB- . The most recent was the 44th president Barack Obama , who held the office from 2009 to 2017 .   In the 115th Congress , following the 2016 elections , Democrats are the opposition party , holding a minority of seats in both the House of Representatives and the Senate . The party also holds a minority of governorships -LRB- 16/50 -RRB- , and state legislatures -LRB- full control of 12/50 , split control of six others -RRB- , though they do control the mayoralty of cities such as New York City , Los Angeles , Chicago , Houston , and Washington , D.C.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Iris Murdoch was a writer.", "evidence": "Dame Jean Iris Murdoch -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u025crd\u0252k -RSB- 15 July 1919 -- 8 February 1999 -RRB- was an Anglo-Irish novelist and philosopher , best known for her novels about good and evil , sexual relationships , morality , and the power of the unconscious . Her first published novel , Under the Net , was selected in 1998 as one of Modern Library 's 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century . In 1987 , she was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire . Her books include The Bell -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , A Severed Head -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , The Red and the Green -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , The Nice and the Good -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , The Black Prince -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Henry and Cato -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , The Sea , the Sea -LRB- 1978 , Booker Prize -RRB- , The Philosopher 's Pupil -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , The Good Apprentice -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , The Book and the Brotherhood -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , The Message to the Planet -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , and The Green Knight -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . In 2008 , The Times ranked Murdoch twelfth on a list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Koepp is a director.", "evidence": "David Koepp -LRB- born June 9 , 1963 -RRB- is an American screenwriter and director . Koepp is the fifth most successful screenwriter of all time in terms of U.S. box office receipts with a total gross of over $ 2.3 billion .   Koepp has achieved both critical and commercial success in a wide variety of genres : thriller , science fiction , comedy , action , drama , crime , superhero , horror , adventure , and fantasy .   Some of the best known films he has written include the sci-fi adventure films Jurassic Park -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , The Lost World : Jurassic Park -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -LRB- 2008 -RRB- ; the action spy films Mission : Impossible -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit -LRB- 2014 -RRB- ; the superhero film Spider-Man -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ; the sci-fi disaster film War of the Worlds -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and the mystery thriller Angels & Demons -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Koepp has directed six films over the course of his career : The Trigger Effect -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Stir of Echoes -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Secret Window -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Ghost Town -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Premium Rush -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Mortdecai -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A block is also called a \"swat.\"", "evidence": "In basketball , a block or blocked shot occurs when a defensive player legally deflects a field goal attempt from an offensive player . The defender is not allowed to make contact with the offensive player 's hand -LRB- unless the defender is also in contact with the ball -RRB- or a foul is called . In order to be legal , the block must occur while the shot is traveling upward or at its apex . A deflected field goal that is made does not count as a blocked shot and simply counts as a successful field goal attempt for shooter plus the points awarded to the shooting team . Every successful blocked shot is counted as a missed field goal attempt for the shooter . Also , on a shooting foul , a blocked shot can not be awarded or counted , even if the player who deflected the field goal attempt is different from the player who committed the foul . If the ball is heading downward when the defender hits it , it is ruled as goaltending and counts as a made basket . Goaltending is also called if the block is made after the ball bounces on the backboard -LRB- NFHS excepted ; the NCAA also used this rule until the 2009 -- 10 season -RRB- .   Nicknames for blocked shots include `` rejections , '' `` stuffs , '' `` bushed '' , `` fudged '' , or notably `` double-fudged '' -LRB- two-handed blocks -RRB- , `` facials , '' `` swats , '' `` denials , '' and `` packs . '' Blocked shots were first officially recorded in the NBA during the 1973 -- 74 season .   Largely due to their height and position near the basket , centers and power forwards tend to record the most blocks , but shorter players with good jumping ability can also be blockers , an example being Dwyane Wade , the shortest player , at 6 ' 4 '' , to record 100 blocked shots in a single season . A player with the ability to block shots can be a positive asset to a team 's defense , as they can make it difficult for opposing players to shoot near the basket and by keeping the basketball in play , as opposed to swatting it out of bounds , a blocked shot can lead to a fast break , a skill Bill Russell was notable for . To be a good shot-blocker , a player needs great court sense and timing , and good height or jumping ability . One tactic is that a shot-blocker can intimidate opponents to alter their shots , resulting in a miss .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paul Pogba made it to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final with the Juventus team.", "evidence": "Paul Labile Pogba -LRB- born 15 March 1993 -RRB- is a French professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Manchester United and the France national team . He operates primarily as a central midfielder and is comfortable playing both in attack and defence .   After beginning his career with Manchester United in 2011 , Pogba joined Italian side Juventus in 2012 , and helped the club to four consecutive Serie A titles , as well as two Coppa Italia and two Supercoppa Italiana titles . During his time with the club , he established himself as one of the most promising young players in the world , and received the Golden Boy award in 2013 , followed by the Bravo Award in 2014 and was named by The Guardian as one of the ten most promising young players in Europe . In 2016 , Pogba was named to the 2015 UEFA Team of the Year as well as the 2015 FIFA FIFPro World XI , after helping Juventus to the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final . Despite leaving Manchester United on a free transfer , Pogba returned to the club in 2016 for a world record transfer fee of $ 105 million -LRB- # 89.3 million -RRB- .   Internationally , at under-20 level , he captained his nation to victory at the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup and took home the Best Player award for his performances during the tournament . He made his debut for the senior French national team on 22 March 2013 in a 3 -- 1 win against Georgia , and scored his first World Cup goal on 30 June 2014 against Nigeria ; he was awarded the Best Young Player Award for his performances at the 2014 FIFA World Cup , after reaching the quarter-final . He later represented his nation at UEFA Euro 2016 on home soil , where he scored one goal as his team reached the final .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character on the NFL series NCIS.", "evidence": "Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS , portrayed by Mark Harmon . He is a former U.S Marine Corps Scout Sniper turned special agent who commands a team for the Naval Criminal Investigative Service . Gibbs is the most accomplished marksman on the team and the most skilled at handling violent standoffs ; he depends on his other agents heavily for technical forensics and background checks . He is patient but firm with his team and has little patience for bureaucracy ; he commands most other main characters -- including his current staff Timothy McGee , Ellie Bishop , Nick Torres and Alexandra Quinn and previous staff Caitlin Todd -LRB- killed in the line of duty -RRB- , Anthony DiNozzo -LRB- left to look after his newly found daughter -RRB- , and Ziva David -LRB- killed after leaving NCIS -RRB-  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Leslie Howard was an actor.", "evidence": "Leslie Howard -LRB- born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 -RRB- was an English stage and film actor , director and producer . Howard also wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times , The New Yorker and Vanity Fair . Howard was one of the biggest box-office draws and movie idols of the 1930s but is probably best remembered for playing Ashley Wilkes in Gone with the Wind -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Howard had movie roles in many other notable films , including : Berkeley Square -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Of Human Bondage -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , The Scarlet Pimpernel -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , The Petrified Forest -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , Pygmalion -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , Intermezzo -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Pimpernel '' Smith -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and The First of the Few -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , receiving two nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor .   Howard 's Second World War activities included acting and filmmaking . He was active in anti-German propaganda and rumoured to have been involved with British or Allied Intelligence , sparking conspiracy theories regarding his death in 1943 at the hands of the German Luftwaffe when the British airliner on which he was a passenger was shot down over the Bay of Biscay .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Catching Fire is written.", "evidence": "Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins , the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy . As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller The Hunger Games , it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem . Following the events of the previous novel , a rebellion against the oppressive Capitol has begun , and Katniss and fellow tribute Peeta Mellark are forced to return to the arena in a special edition of the Hunger Games .   The book was first published on September 1 , 2009 , by Scholastic , in hardcover , and was later released in ebook and audiobook format . Catching Fire received mostly positive reviews , with reviewers praising Collins ' prose , the book 's ending , and the development of Katniss 's character . According to critics , major themes of the novel include survival , authoritarianism , rebellion and interdependence versus independence . The book has sold more than 19 million copies in the U.S. alone .   A film adaptation , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Avatar: The Last Airbender aired on Nickelodeon.", "evidence": "Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions -RRB- is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons -LRB- referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card -RRB- on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 . Avatar : The Last Airbender is set in an Asiatic-like world in which some people are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts , known as `` bending '' . The show combines the styles of anime and American cartoons , and relies on the imagery of various East Asian , Inuit , Southeast Asian , South Asian , and New World societies . Therefore , whether or not the series can be considered as an anime work is often discussed .   The series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends , who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord 's war against the other three nations .  The pilot episode first aired on February 21 , 2005 , and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour episode on July 19 , 2008 .  The show is obtainable from various sources , including DVD , the iTunes Store , the Zune Marketplace , the Xbox Live Marketplace , the PlayStation Store , Netflix , Amazon Video , and the Nicktoons Network .   Throughout its run , Avatar : The Last Airbender was universally acclaimed by audiences and critics alike . Praises went to the art direction , humor , cultural references , characters , and themes . It was also commercially successful , garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best-rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup , even outside of its 6 - to 11-year-old demographic . The series has been nominated for and won awards from the Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award and a Peabody Award , among others . The first season 's success prompted Nickelodeon to order second and third seasons .   In other media , the series has spawned a critically panned , but financially successful , live-action film , titled The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan ; scaled action figures ; a trading card game ; three video games ; stuffed animals distributed by Paramount Parks and two Lego sets . An art book was also released in mid-2010 . A sequel series , The Legend of Korra , aired from 2012 to 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Harry Hopman's widow has attended Hopman Cup.", "evidence": "The Hopman Cup is an annual international eight-team indoor hardcourt tennis tournament held in Perth , Western Australia in early January -LRB- sometimes commencing in late December -RRB- each year , which plays mixed-gender teams on a country-by-country basis .   The championship is named in honour of Harry Hopman -LRB- 1906 -- 1985 -RRB- , an Australian tennis player and coach who guided the country to 15 Davis Cup titles between 1938 and 1969 . Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989 , it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman 's widow , his second wife Lucy , who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States .   The tournament is a sanctioned event in the calendar of the International Tennis Federation -LRB- ITF -RRB- , but while individual player results are tallied , they are not included in the calculation of tennis world rankings . The competition receives extensive television coverage in Australia and is an important lead-up tournament to the Australian Open each January as part of the Australian Open Series . The winning team receives a silver cup perpetual trophy and up to 2014 the winning team members were presented with distinctive individual trophies in the shape of a tennis ball encrusted with diamonds from the Argyle diamond mine in the Kimberley region of Western Australia . In 2014 and 2015 , the individual trophies were created in the shape of an intricate diamond encrusted tennis racket and ball , using just under an ounce of 18-carat white , yellow and rose gold and approximately half an ounce of pink argyle diamonds . These trophies are valued at $ 26,000 .   Until 2012 , the Hopman Cup was played at the Burswood Dome . Since 2013 , the Hopman Cup has been played at the Perth Arena .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Frank Zappa's debut was Freak Out!", "evidence": "Frank Vincent Zappa -LRB- December 21 , 1940 -- December 4 , 1993 -RRB- was an American musician , activist and filmmaker . His work was characterized by nonconformity , free-form improvisation , sound experiments , musical virtuosity , and satire of American culture . In a career spanning more than 30 years , Zappa composed rock , pop , jazz , jazz fusion , orchestral and musique concr\u00e8te works , and produced almost all of the 60-plus albums that he released with his band the Mothers of Invention and as a solo artist . Zappa also directed feature-length films and music videos , and designed album covers . He is considered one of the most innovative and stylistically diverse rock musicians of his generation .   As a self-taught composer and performer , Zappa 's diverse musical influences led him to create music that was sometimes difficult to categorize . While in his teens , he acquired a taste for 20th-century classical composers such as Edgard Var\u00e8se , Igor Stravinsky , and Anton Webern , along with 1950s rhythm and blues and doo-wop music . He began writing classical music in high school , while at the same time playing drums in rhythm and blues bands ; later switching to electric guitar . His 1966 debut album with the Mothers of Invention , Freak Out ! , combined songs in conventional rock and roll format with collective improvisations and studio-generated sound collages . He continued this eclectic and experimental approach , irrespective of whether the fundamental format was rock , jazz or classical .   Zappa 's output is unified by a conceptual continuity he termed `` Project/Object '' , with numerous musical phrases , ideas , and characters reappearing across his albums . His lyrics reflected his iconoclastic views of established social and political processes , structures and movements , often humorously so . He was a strident critic of mainstream education and organized religion , and a forthright and passionate advocate for freedom of speech , self-education , political participation and the abolition of censorship . Unlike many other rock musicians of his era , he personally disapproved of and seldom used drugs , but supported their decriminalization and regulation .   During Zappa 's lifetime , he was a highly productive and prolific artist , earning widespread acclaim from critics and fellow musicians . He had some commercial success , particularly in Europe , and worked as an independent artist for most of his career . He remains a major influence on musicians and composers . His honors include an induction into the 1995 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the 1997 Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award . In 2000 , he was ranked number 36 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock . In 2004 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked him at number 71 on its list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time '' , and in 2011 at number 22 on its list of the `` 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ruth Negga only acts in Irish cinema.", "evidence": "Ruth Negga -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ne\u026ag\u0259 -RSB- born 7 January 1982 -RRB- is an Ethiopian born Irish actress , who has appeared in the films Capital Letters -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -LRB- also released as Trafficked in some countries -RRB- , Isolation -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Breakfast on Pluto -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Warcraft -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . She has also played roles in television , such as in the BBC 's mini-series Criminal Justice , RT\u00c9 's Love/Hate , E4 's Misfits , and ABC 's Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. . In 2016 , she began a starring role as Tulip O'Hare in AMC 's Preacher .   For her portrayal of Mildred Loving in Loving -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , Negga was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress , Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture - Drama , Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead and Critics ' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress , as well as the BAFTA Rising Star Award .  Warcraft -LRB- alternatively known as Warcraft : The Beginning -RRB- is a 2016 American action-fantasy film directed by Duncan Jones and written by Jones , Charles Leavitt , and Chris Metzen . It is based on the Warcraft video game series and novels set in the world of Azeroth . The film stars Travis Fimmel , Paula Patton , Ben Foster , Dominic Cooper , Toby Kebbell , Ben Schnetzer , Robert Kazinsky , Clancy Brown , and Daniel Wu . The film portrays the initial encounters between the humans and the orcs and takes place in a variety of locations established in the video game series . The film was first announced in 2006 as a project partnership between Legendary Pictures and the game 's developer , Blizzard Entertainment .   Warcraft premiered in Paris on May 24 , 2016 , and was released by Universal Pictures in the United States on June 10 , 2016 . The film grossed $ 433 million worldwide and is the highest-grossing video game adaptation of all time , although it was still considered a mild financial disappointment due to its very large $ 160 million budget . The film made over $ 220 million in China alone , representing more than half of its global total box office .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "George VI was succeeded by Mary I.", "evidence": "George VI -LRB- Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 -- 6 February 1952 -RRB- was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death . He was the last Emperor of India and the first Head of the Commonwealth .   Known as Albert until his accession , George VI was born in the reign of his great-grandmother Queen Victoria , and was named after his great-grandfather Albert , Prince Consort . As the second son of King George V , he was not expected to inherit the throne and spent his early life in the shadow of his elder brother , Edward . He attended naval college as a teenager , and served in the Royal Navy and Royal Air Force during the First World War . In 1920 , he was made Duke of York . He married Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon in 1923 and they had two daughters , Elizabeth and Margaret . In the mid-1920s , he had speech therapy for a stammer , which he never fully overcame .   George 's elder brother ascended the throne as Edward VIII upon the death of their father in 1936 . However , later that year Edward revealed his desire to marry divorced American socialite Wallis Simpson . British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin advised Edward that for political and religious reasons he could not marry a divorced woman and remain king . Edward abdicated in order to marry , and George ascended the throne as the third monarch of the House of Windsor .   During George 's reign , the break-up of the British Empire and its transition into the Commonwealth of Nations accelerated . The parliament of the Irish Free State removed direct mention of the monarch from the country 's constitution on the day of his accession . The following year , a new Irish constitution changed the name of the state to Ireland and established the office of President . From 1939 , the Empire and Commonwealth -- except Ireland -- was at war with Nazi Germany . War with Italy and Japan followed in 1940 and 1941 , respectively . Though Britain and its allies were ultimately victorious in 1945 , the United States and the Soviet Union rose as pre-eminent world powers and the British Empire declined . After the independence of India and Pakistan in 1947 , George remained king of both countries , but relinquished the title of Emperor of India in June 1948 . Ireland formally declared itself a republic and left the Commonwealth in 1949 , and India became a republic within the Commonwealth the following year . George adopted the new title of Head of the Commonwealth . He was beset by health problems in the later years of his reign . He was succeeded by his eldest daughter , Elizabeth II .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Psychological findings link to research and perspectives from an academic discipline.", "evidence": "Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought . It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .   In this field , a professional practitioner or researcher is called a psychologist and can be classified as a social , behavioral , or cognitive scientist . Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior , while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors .   Psychologists explore behavior and mental processes , including perception , cognition , attention , emotion -LRB- affect -RRB- , intelligence , phenomenology , motivation -LRB- conation -RRB- , brain functioning , and personality . This extends to interaction between people , such as interpersonal relationships , including psychological resilience , family resilience , and other areas . Psychologists of diverse orientations also consider the unconscious mind . Psychologists employ empirical methods to infer causal and correlational relationships between psychosocial variables . In addition , or in opposition , to employing empirical and deductive methods , some -- especially clinical and counseling psychologists -- at times rely upon symbolic interpretation and other inductive techniques . Psychology has been described as a `` hub science '' , with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences , natural sciences , medicine , humanities , and philosophy .   While psychological knowledge is often applied to the assessment and treatment of mental health problems , it is also directed towards understanding and solving problems in several spheres of human activity . By many accounts psychology ultimately aims to benefit society . The majority of psychologists are involved in some kind of therapeutic role , practicing in clinical , counseling , or school settings . Many do scientific research on a wide range of topics related to mental processes and behavior , and typically work in university psychology departments or teach in other academic settings -LRB- e.g. , medical schools , hospitals -RRB- . Some are employed in industrial and organizational settings , or in other areas such as human development and aging , sports , health , and the media , as well as in forensic investigation and other aspects of law .  Humanities are academic disciplines that study aspects of human culture . In the Middle Ages , the term contrasted with divinity and referred to what is now called classics , the main area of secular study in universities at the time . Today , the humanities are more frequently contrasted with natural , and sometimes social , sciences as well as professional training .   The humanities use methods that are primarily critical , or speculative , and have a significant historical element -- as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural sciences , yet , unlike the sciences , it has no central discipline .  The humanities include ancient and modern languages , literature , philosophy , religion , art and musicology .   Scholars in the humanities are `` humanity scholars '' or humanists . The term `` humanist '' also describes the philosophical position of humanism , which some `` antihumanist '' scholars in the humanities refuse . The Renaissance scholars and artists were also called humanists . Some secondary schools offer humanities classes usually consisting of English literature , global studies and art .   Human disciplines like history and cultural anthropology study subject matters that the experimental method does not apply to -- and instead mainly use the comparative method and comparative research .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Beach Boys was an American rock band.", "evidence": "The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne , California , in 1961 . The group 's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian , Dennis , and Carl Wilson ; their cousin Mike Love ; and their friend Al Jardine . Distinguished by their vocal harmonies and early surf songs , they are one of the most influential acts of the rock era . The group , led by their principal songwriter and producer Brian , pioneered novel approaches to popular music form and production , combining their affinities for jazz-based vocal groups , 1950s rock and roll , and black R&B to create their unique sound . He later arranged his compositions for studio orchestras and explored a variety of other styles , often incorporating classical or jazz elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways .   The Beach Boys began as a garage band managed by the Wilsons ' father Murry , with Brian 's increasingly sophisticated songwriting and recording abilities dominating their creative direction . Emerging at the vanguard of the `` California Sound '' , they performed original material that reflected a southern California youth culture of surfing , cars , and romance . After 1964 , they abandoned the surfing aesthetic for more personal lyrics and multi-layered sounds . In 1966 , the Pet Sounds album and `` Good Vibrations '' single vaulted the group to the top level of rock innovators and established the band as symbols of the nascent counterculture era . Following the dissolution of the group 's Smile project in 1967 , Brian gradually ceded production and songwriting duties to the rest of the band , reducing his input because of mental health and substance abuse issues . The group 's public image subsequently faltered , and despite efforts to continue their psychedelic/avant-garde ventures and reclaim their hippie audiences , they were dismissed as an embodiment of the values and outlooks shared by early 1960s white , suburban teenagers .   The continued success of their greatest hits albums during the mid 1970s precipitated the band 's transition into an oldies act , a move that was denigrated by critics and many fans . Since the 1980s , much-publicized legal wrangling over royalties , songwriting credits and use of the band 's name transpired . Dennis drowned in 1983 and Carl died of lung cancer in 1998 . After Carl 's death , many live configurations of the band fronted by Mike Love and Bruce Johnston continued to tour into the 2000s while other members pursued solo projects . Even though Wilson and Jardine have not performed with Love and Johnston 's band since their one-off 2012 reunion tour , they remain a part of the Beach Boys ' corporation , Brother Records Inc. .   The Beach Boys are one of the most critically acclaimed , commercially successful , and widely influential bands of all time . The group had over eighty songs chart worldwide , thirty-six of them US Top 40 hits -LRB- the most by an American rock band -RRB- , four reaching number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . The Beach Boys have sold in excess of 100 million records worldwide , making them one of the world 's best-selling bands of all time and are listed at No. 12 on Rolling Stone magazine 's 2004 list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time '' . The core quintet of the three Wilsons , Love and Jardine were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Billy Bob Thornton directed a movie.", "evidence": "Billy Bob Thornton -LRB- born August 4 , 1955 -RRB- is an American actor , filmmaker , singer , songwriter , and musician .   Thornton had his first break when he co-wrote and starred in the 1992 thriller One False Move , and came to international attention after writing , directing , and starring in the independent drama film Sling Blade -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , for which he won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor . He appeared in several major film roles in the 1990s following Sling Blade , including Oliver Stone 's neo-noir U Turn -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , political drama Primary Colors -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , science fiction disaster film Armageddon -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which was the highest-grossing film of that year , and the crime drama A Simple Plan -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which earned him his third Academy Awards nomination .   In the 2000s , Thornton achieved further success in starring dramas Monster 's Ball -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , The Man Who Was n't There -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , and Friday Night Lights -LRB- 2004 -RRB- ; comedies Bandits -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Intolerable Cruelty -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and Bad Santa -LRB- 2003 -RRB- ; and action films Eagle Eye -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Faster -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . In 2014 , Thornton starred as Lorne Malvo in the first season of the anthology series Fargo , earning a nomination for the Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie at the Emmy Awards and won Best Actor in a Miniseries or TV Film at the 72nd Golden Globe Awards . In 2016 , he starred in an Amazon original series , Goliath about a washed up attorney with a great new case .   Thornton has been vocal about his disrespect for celebrity culture , choosing to keep his life out of the public eye . However , the attention of the media has proven unavoidable in certain cases , his marriage to Angelina Jolie being a notable example . Thornton has appeared in at least one film per year nearly every year since 1991 . Thornton has written a variety of films , usually set in the Southern United States and mainly co-written with Tom Epperson , including A Family Thing -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and The Gift -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . After Sling Blade , he directed several other films , including Daddy and Them -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , All the Pretty Horses -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and Jayne Mansfield 's Car -LRB- 2012 -RRB- .   Thornton has received the President 's Award from the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy & Horror Films , a Special Achievement Award from the National Board of Review , and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . He has also been nominated for an Emmy Award , four Golden Globes , and three Screen Actors Guild Awards . In addition to film work , Thornton began a career as a singer-songwriter . He has released four solo albums and is the vocalist of the blues rock band The Boxmasters .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Ren & Stimpy Show premiered on August 11, 1991.", "evidence": "The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon . The series follows the adventures of title characters Ren , an emotionally unstable chihuahua , and Stimpy , a good-natured , dimwitted cat . It premiered on August 11 , 1991 as one of the original three Nicktoons , along with Rugrats and Doug . Throughout its run , the show was controversial for its off-color humor , sexual innuendo , dark humor , adult jokes , and violence , similar to Rocko 's Modern Life . This controversy contributed to the production staff 's altercations with Nickelodeon 's Standards and Practices department . The show ended on December 16 , 1995 , with a total of five seasons and 52 episodes .   Ren & Stimpy received mixed to very positive reviews during its original run then later widespread critical acclaim after its run , and has developed a cult following . The series is often cited as paving the way for animated shows like Beavis and Butt-Head and South Park . A spin-off for adult audiences , Ren & Stimpy `` Adult Party Cartoon '' , aired in 2003 on Spike , but was cancelled soon after its debut .  The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon . The series follows the adventures of title characters Ren , an emotionally unstable chihuahua , and Stimpy , a good-natured , dimwitted cat . It premiered on August 11 , 1991 as one of the original three Nicktoons , along with Rugrats and Doug . Throughout its run , the show was controversial for its off-color humor , sexual innuendo , dark humor , adult jokes , and violence , similar to Rocko 's Modern Life . This controversy contributed to the production staff 's altercations with Nickelodeon 's Standards and Practices department . The show ended on December 16 , 1995 , with a total of five seasons and 52 episodes .   Ren & Stimpy received mixed to very positive reviews during its original run then later widespread critical acclaim after its run , and has developed a cult following . The series is often cited as paving the way for animated shows like Beavis and Butt-Head and South Park . A spin-off for adult audiences , Ren & Stimpy `` Adult Party Cartoon '' , aired in 2003 on Spike , but was cancelled soon after its debut .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Courteney Cox has always refused to play Gale Weathers.", "evidence": "Courteney Bass Cox -LRB- born June 15 , 1964 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and director . She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends , Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream , and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town , for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination . Cox also starred in the FX series Dirt . She owns a production company , called Coquette Productions , which was created by Cox and her then-husband David Arquette . Cox also worked as a director on her sitcom Cougar Town and the television film Talhotblond .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ronin is a film.", "evidence": "Ronin is a 1998 American spy action-thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd , Sean Bean , and Jonathan Pryce , and written by David Mamet -LRB- under the pseudonym Richard Weisz -RRB- from a screenplay by first-time writer John David Zeik .   The film centers on a team of hired ex-special operatives trying to steal a mysterious and heavily guarded briefcase while navigating a maze of shifting loyalties and alliances . The film is noted for its realistic car chases through Nice and Paris and its convoluted plot involving the briefcase as a MacGuffin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Abraham Lincoln had at least one rival.", "evidence": "Abraham Lincoln -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8e\u026abr\u0259h\u00e6m_\u02c8lI\u014bk\u0259n -RSB- February 12 , 1809 -- April 15 , 1865 -RRB- was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865 . Lincoln led the United States through its Civil War -- its bloodiest war and perhaps its greatest moral , constitutional , and political crisis . In doing so , he preserved the Union , paved the way to the abolition of slavery , strengthened the federal government , and modernized the economy .   Born in Hodgenville , Kentucky , Lincoln grew up on the western frontier in Kentucky and Indiana . Largely self-educated , he became a lawyer in Illinois , a Whig Party leader , and was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives , in which he served for eight years . Elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1846 , Lincoln promoted rapid modernization of the economy through banks , tariffs , and railroads . Because he had originally agreed not to run for a second term in Congress , and because his opposition to the Mexican -- American War was unpopular among Illinois voters , Lincoln returned to Springfield and resumed his successful law practice . Reentering politics in 1854 , he became a leader in building the new Republican Party , which had a statewide majority in Illinois . In 1858 , while taking part in a series of highly publicized debates with his opponent and rival , Democrat Stephen A. Douglas , Lincoln spoke out against the expansion of slavery , but lost the U.S. Senate race to Douglas .   In 1860 , Lincoln secured the Republican Party presidential nomination as a moderate from a swing state . Though he gained very little support in the slaveholding states of the South , he swept the North and was elected president in 1860 . Lincoln 's victory prompted seven southern slave states to form the Confederate States of America before he moved into the White House -- no compromise or reconciliation was found regarding slavery and secession . Subsequently , on April 12 , 1861 , a Confederate attack on Fort Sumter inspired the North to enthusiastically rally behind the Union . As the leader of the moderate faction of the Republican Party , Lincoln confronted Radical Republicans , who demanded harsher treatment of the South , War Democrats , who called for more compromise , anti-war Democrats -LRB- called Copperheads -RRB- , who despised him , and irreconcilable secessionists , who plotted his assassination . Politically , Lincoln fought back by pitting his opponents against each other , by carefully planned political patronage , and by appealing to the American people with his powers of oratory . His Gettysburg Address became an iconic endorsement of the principles of nationalism , republicanism , equal rights , liberty , and democracy .   Lincoln initially concentrated on the military and political dimensions of the war . His primary goal was to reunite the nation . He suspended habeas corpus , leading to the controversial ex parte Merryman decision , and he averted potential British intervention in the war by defusing the Trent Affair in late 1861 . Lincoln closely supervised the war effort , especially the selection of top generals , including his most successful general , Ulysses S. Grant . He also made major decisions on Union war strategy , including a naval blockade that shut down the South 's normal trade , moves to take control of Kentucky and Tennessee , and using gunboats to gain control of the southern river system . Lincoln tried repeatedly to capture the Confederate capital at Richmond ; each time a general failed , Lincoln substituted another , until finally Grant succeeded . As the war progressed , his complex moves toward ending slavery included the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863 ; Lincoln used the U.S. Army to protect escaped slaves , encouraged the border states to outlaw slavery , and pushed through Congress the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , which permanently outlawed slavery .   An exceptionally astute politician deeply involved with power issues in each state , Lincoln reached out to the War Democrats and managed his own re-election campaign in the 1864 presidential election . Anticipating the war 's conclusion , Lincoln pushed a moderate view of Reconstruction , seeking to reunite the nation speedily through a policy of generous reconciliation in the face of lingering and bitter divisiveness . On April 14 , 1865 , five days after the surrender of Confederate commanding general Robert E. Lee , Lincoln was assassinated by John Wilkes Booth , a Confederate sympathizer .   Lincoln has been consistently ranked both by scholars and the public as among the greatest U.S. presidents .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a producer named Fred Savage.", "evidence": "Frederick Aaron `` Fred '' Savage -LRB- born July 9 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and producer . He is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in the American television series The Wonder Years , which ran from 1988 to 1993 . He has earned several awards and nominations , such as People 's Choice Awards and Young Artist Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Al Capone had neurosyphilis.", "evidence": "Alphonse Gabriel Capone -LRB- -LSB- \u00e6l_k\u0259\u02c8po\u028an -RSB- January 17 , 1899 -- January 25 , 1947 -RRB- , sometimes known by the nickname Scarface , was an American gangster who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss of the Chicago Outfit . His seven-year reign as crime boss ended when he was 33 years old .   Capone was born in Brooklyn in New York City to Italian immigrants . He was considered a Five Points Gang member who became a bouncer in organized crime premises such as brothels . In his early twenties , he moved to Chicago and became bodyguard and trusted factotum for Johnny Torrio , head of a criminal syndicate that illegally supplied alcohol -- the forerunner of the Outfit -- and that was politically protected through the Unione Siciliana . A conflict with the North Side Gang was instrumental in Capone 's rise and fall . Torrio went into retirement after North Side gunmen almost killed him , handing control to Capone . Capone expanded the bootlegging business through increasingly violent means , but his mutually profitable relationships with mayor William Hale Thompson and the city 's police meant that Capone seemed safe from law enforcement .   Capone apparently reveled in attention , such as the cheers from spectators when he appeared at ball games . He made donations to various charities and was viewed by many to be a `` modern-day Robin Hood '' . However , the Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre of gang rivals , resulting in the killing of seven men in broad daylight , damaged Chicago 's image -- as well as Capone 's -- leading influential citizens to demand governmental action and newspapers to dub him `` Public Enemy No. 1 '' .   The federal authorities became intent on jailing Capone , and they prosecuted him for tax evasion in 1931 , a federal crime and a novel strategy during the era . During the highly publicized case , the judge admitted as evidence Capone 's admissions of his income and unpaid taxes during prior -LRB- and ultimately abortive -RRB- negotiations to pay the government any back taxes he owed . Capone was convicted and sentenced to 11 years in federal prison . After conviction , he replaced his old defense team with experts in tax law , and his grounds for appeal were strengthened by a Supreme Court ruling , but his appeal ultimately failed .   He was already showing signs of syphilitic dementia early in his sentence , and he became increasingly debilitated before being released after eight years . On January 25 , 1947 , Capone died of cardiac arrest after suffering a stroke .  Neurosyphilis is an infection of the brain or spinal cord caused by the spirochete Treponema pallidum . It usually occurs in people who have had chronic , untreated syphilis , usually about 10 to 20 years after first infection and develops in about 25 % -- 40 % of persons who are not treated . The United States ' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- advises that neurosyphilis can occur at any stage of a syphilis infection .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Boston is located in the state of Massachusetts on the Shawmut Peninsula.", "evidence": "Boston -LRB- pronounced -LSB- \u02c8b\u0252st\u0259n -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States . Boston is also the seat of Suffolk County , although the county government was disbanded on July 1 , 1999 . The city proper covers 48 mi2 with an estimated population of 667,137 in 2015 , making it the largest city in New England and the 23rd most populous city in the United States . The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston , a Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- home to a census-estimated 4.7 million people in 2014 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country . Alternately , as a Combined Statistical Area -LRB- CSA -RRB- , this wider commuting region is home to some 8.1 million people , making it the sixth-largest as such in the United States .   One of the oldest cities in the United States , Boston was founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from England . It was the scene of several key events of the American Revolution , such as the Boston Massacre , the Boston Tea Party , the Battle of Bunker Hill , and the Siege of Boston . Upon U.S. independence from Great Britain , it continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture . Through land reclamation and municipal annexation , Boston has expanded beyond the original peninsula . Its rich history attracts many tourists , with Faneuil Hall alone drawing over 20 million visitors per year . Boston 's many firsts include the United States ' first public school , Boston Latin School -LRB- 1635 -RRB- , first subway system , the Tremont Street Subway -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , and first public park , Boston Common -LRB- 1634 -RRB- .   The area 's many colleges and universities make Boston an international center of higher education , including law , medicine , engineering , and business , and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship , with nearly 2,000 startups . Boston 's economic base also includes finance , professional and business services , biotechnology , information technology , and government activities . Households in the city claim the highest average rate of philanthropy in the United States ; businesses and institutions rank among the top in the country for environmental sustainability and investment . The city has one of the highest costs of living in the United States as it has undergone gentrification , though it remains high on world livability rankings .  Shawmut Peninsula is the promontory of land on which Boston , Massachusetts was built . The peninsula , originally a mere 789 acre in area , more than doubled in size due to land reclamation efforts that were a feature of the history of Boston throughout the 19th century .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Interstellar is a narrative in a visual medium.", "evidence": "Use mdy dates | date = May 2016 -RCB-   Interstellar is a 2014 British-American epic science fiction film directed , co-written , and co-produced by Christopher Nolan . The film stars Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway , Jessica Chastain , Bill Irwin , Casey Affleck , Ellen Burstyn , John Lithgow , and Michael Caine . Set in a dystopian future where humanity is struggling to survive , it follows a group of astronauts who travel through a wormhole in search of a new home for humanity .   Brothers Christopher and Jonathan Nolan wrote the screenplay , which has its origins in a script Jonathan developed in 2007 . Nolan produced the film with his wife Emma Thomas through their production company Syncopy and with Lynda Obst through Lynda Obst Productions . Caltech theoretical physicist Kip Thorne , whose work inspired the film , was an executive producer and acted as scientific consultant . Later , he also wrote a tie-in book , The Science of Interstellar . Paramount Pictures , Warner Bros. , and Legendary Pictures co-financed the film . Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on 35 mm in anamorphic format and IMAX 70 mm . Principal photography commenced in late 2013 in Alberta , Iceland and Los Angeles . The film utilized extensive practical and miniature effects , while the company Double Negative created additional digital effects .   Interstellar premiered on October 26 , 2014 in Los Angeles . In the United States , it was first released on film stock , expanding to venues using digital projectors . The film was successful at the box office , with a worldwide gross of over $ 675 million , and received positive reviews , particularly in regards to its science fiction themes , visual effects , musical score , and the cast 's performances . It received several awards and nominations ; at the 87th Academy Awards , the film won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects , and was nominated for Best Original Score , Best Sound Mixing , Best Sound Editing , and Best Production Design .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Britney Spears titled her fourth studio album Britney.", "evidence": "Britney Jean Spears -LRB- born December 2 , 1981 -RRB- is an American singer , dancer , and actress . Born in McComb , Mississippi , and raised in Kentwood , Louisiana , she performed acting roles in stage productions and television shows as a child before signing with Jive Records in 1997 . Spears 's first and second studio albums , ... Baby One More Time -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Oops ! ... I Did It Again -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , became international successes , with the former becoming the best-selling album by a teenage solo artist . Title tracks '' ... Baby One More Time '' and `` Oops ! ... I Did It Again '' broke international sales records . In 2001 , Spears released her self-titled third studio album , Britney , and played the starring role in the film Crossroads -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . She assumed creative control of her fourth studio album , In the Zone -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , which yielded the worldwide success of the single `` Toxic '' .   In 2007 , Spears 's much-publicized personal issues sent her career into hiatus . Her fifth studio album , Blackout , was released later that year , and spawned singles such as `` Gim me More '' and `` Piece of Me '' . Her erratic behavior and hospitalizations continued through the following year , at which point she was placed under a still ongoing conservatorship . Spears 's sixth studio album , Circus -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , included the international chart-topping single `` Womanizer '' . Her seventh studio album , Femme Fatale -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , became her first to yield three top-ten singles in the United States . She released her eighth studio album Britney Jean in 2013 . Later that year , Spears began the four-year residency show , Britney : Piece of Me , at The AXIS at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas . In 2016 , Spears released her ninth studio album , Glory . In 2017 , she announced that her residency show would develop into a world tour , Britney : Live in Concert .   Spears is regarded as a pop icon and credited with influencing the revival of teen pop during the late 1990s . She became the best-selling teenage artist of all time and garnered honorific titles including the `` Princess of Pop '' . Her work has earned her numerous awards and accolades , including a Grammy Award , six MTV Video Music Awards including the Lifetime Achievement Award , seven Billboard Music Awards including the Millennium Award and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . In 2009 , Billboard ranked her as the 8th overall Artist of the Decade , and also recognized her as the best-selling female artist of the 2000s , as well as the fifth overall . The Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- lists Spears as the eighth top-selling female artist in the United States , with 34 million certified albums . She has sold over 100 million records worldwide making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time . According to Billboard Spears has sold about 22.38 million singles in digital downloads in US and is the fourth best-selling female artist since Nielsen SoundScan began .   Rolling Stone recognized her instant success as one of the Top 25 Teen Idol Breakout Moments of all time , while VH1 ranked her eleventh on their `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' list in 2012 , and Billboard named her the sexiest woman in music . Forbes reported that Spears was the highest paid female musician of 2012 , with earnings of $ 58 million , having last topped the list in 2002 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Mike Tyson boxed.", "evidence": "Michael Gerard Tyson -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ta\u026as\u0259n -RSB- born June 30 , 1966 -RRB- is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 2005 . He reigned as the undisputed world heavyweight champion and holds the record as the youngest boxer to win a heavyweight title at 20 years , 4 months and 22 days old . Tyson won his first 19 professional fights by knockout , 12 of them in the first round . He won the WBC title in 1986 after stopping Trevor Berbick in two rounds , and added the WBA and IBF titles after defeating James Smith and Tony Tucker in 1987 . This made Tyson the first heavyweight boxer to simultaneously hold the WBA , WBC and IBF titles , and the only heavyweight to successively unify them .   Tyson became the lineal champion in 1988 when he knocked out Michael Spinks in 91 seconds of the first round . He successfully defended his titles nine times , which included victories over Larry Holmes and Frank Bruno . In 1990 , Tyson lost the titles to underdog Buster Douglas , who knocked him out in the tenth round . Attempting to regain the titles , Tyson defeated Donovan Ruddock twice in 1991 , but pulled out of a fight with then-undisputed heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield -LRB- who had defeated Douglas later in 1990 -RRB- due to a rib injury .   In 1992 , Tyson was convicted of rape and sentenced to six years in prison , but was released after serving three years . After his release in 1995 , he engaged in a series of comeback fights . He won the WBC and WBA titles in 1996 , after defeating Frank Bruno and Bruce Seldon by knockout . With his defeat of Bruno , Tyson joined Floyd Patterson , Muhammad Ali , Tim Witherspoon , Evander Holyfield , George Foreman as the only men in boxing history to have regained a heavyweight championship after having lost it . After being stripped of the WBC title in the same year , Tyson lost the WBA title to Evander Holyfield by an eleventh-round stoppage . Their infamous 1997 rematch ended when Tyson was disqualified for biting Holyfield 's ears .   In 2002 , Tyson fought for the world heavyweight title again at the age of 35 , losing by knockout to Lennox Lewis . Tyson retired from professional boxing in 2006 , after being knocked out in consecutive matches against Danny Williams and Kevin McBride . Tyson declared bankruptcy in 2003 , despite having received over $ 30 million for several of his fights and $ 300 million during his career . At the time it was reported that he had approximately $ 23 million of debt .   Tyson was well known for his ferocious and intimidating boxing style as well as his controversial behavior inside and outside the ring . Nicknamed `` Iron , '' and `` Kid Dynamite '' in his early career , and later known as `` The Baddest Man on the Planet , '' Tyson is considered one of the best heavyweights of all time . He was ranked No. 16 on The Rings list of 100 greatest punchers of all time , and No. 1 in the ESPN.com list of `` The Hardest Hitters in Heavyweight History . '' Sky Sports rated him as `` the scariest boxer ever , '' and described him as `` perhaps the most ferocious fighter to step into a professional ring . '' He has been inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and the World Boxing Hall of Fame .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was uninterested in the study of the occult.", "evidence": "The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn -LRB- Ordo Hermeticus Aurorae Aureae or , more commonly , The Golden Dawn -LRB- Aurora Aurea -RRB- -RRB- was an organization devoted to the study and practice of the occult , metaphysics , and paranormal activities during the late 19th and early 20th centuries . Known as a magical order , the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was active in Great Britain and focused its practices on theurgy and spiritual development . Many present-day concepts of ritual and magic that are at the centre of contemporary traditions , such as Wicca and Thelema , were inspired by the Golden Dawn , which became one of the largest single influences on 20th-century Western occultism .   The three founders , William Robert Woodman , William Wynn Westcott , and Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers , were Freemasons and members of Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia -LRB- S.R.I.A. -RRB- . Westcott appears to have been the initial driving force behind the establishment of the Golden Dawn .   The Golden Dawn system was based on hierarchy and initiation like the Masonic Lodges ; however women were admitted on an equal basis with men . The `` Golden Dawn '' was the first of three Orders , although all three are often collectively referred to as the `` Golden Dawn '' . The First Order taught esoteric philosophy based on the Hermetic Qabalah and personal development through study and awareness of the four Classical Elements as well as the basics of astrology , tarot divination , and geomancy . The Second or `` Inner '' Order , the Rosae Rubeae et Aureae Crucis -LRB- the Ruby Rose and Cross of Gold -RRB- , taught magic , including scrying , astral travel , and alchemy . The Third Order was that of the `` Secret Chiefs '' , who were said to be highly skilled ; they supposedly directed the activities of the lower two orders by spirit communication with the Chiefs of the Second Order .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ellen Burstyn has yet to be nominated for the Emmy Awards.", "evidence": "Ellen Burstyn -LRB- n\u00e9e Edna Rae Gillooly ; December 7 , 1932 -RRB- is an American actress . Her career began in theatre during the late 1950s , and over the next decade included several films and television series .   Burstyn 's performance in the acclaimed 1971 ensemble drama The Last Picture Show brought her first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination , after which she moved from supporting to leading film and stage roles . Burstyn received a second Academy Award nomination for her lead performance in The Exorcist -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and won the Academy Award for Best Actress the following year for her work in Martin Scorsese 's Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore .   In 1975 , she won the Tony Award for her lead performance in the Broadway production of Same Time , Next Year , and received a Golden Globe Award and a fourth Academy Award nomination for her performance in the 1978 film version of the play .   Burstyn has worked consistently in film , television , and theatre since , receiving multiple awards and nominations along the way , including seven additional Golden Globe Award nominations , five Emmy Award nominations -LRB- two wins -RRB- , and two more Academy Award for Best Actress nominations for her performances in the films Resurrection -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and Requiem for a Dream -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .   Burstyn is one of the few performers to have won the Triple Crown of Acting . In 2013 , she was inducted into the American Theatre Hall of Fame .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Princess Agents is a series on television.", "evidence": "Princess Agents -LRB- Chinese : \u7279\u5de5\u7687\u5983\u695a\u4e54\u4f20 -RRB- is a 2017 Chinese television series based on the novel 11 Chu Te Gong Huang Fei -LRB- 11\u5904\u7279\u5de5\u7687\u5983 -RRB- written by Xiao Xiang Dong Er . It stars Zanilia Zhao , Lin Gengxin and Shawn Dou . The series is scheduled to air on Hunan TV starting June 5 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gwen Stefani works as a singer.", "evidence": "Gwen Ren\u00e9e Stefani -LRB- -LSB- gw\u025bn_\u02c8st\u0259\u02c8f\u0251\u02d0ni -RSB- born October 3 , 1969 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality . She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom -LRB- 1995 -RRB- along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' . During the band 's hiatus , Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love . Angel . Music . Baby . Inspired by pop music from the 1980s , the album was met with both critical and commercial success . It spawned three commercially successful singles : `` What You Waiting For ? '' , `` Rich Girl '' , and `` Hollaback Girl '' , the latter reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 while also becoming the first US download to sell one million copies . In 2006 Stefani released her second studio album The Sweet Escape . The album produced two successful singles : `` Wind It Up '' and the album 's title track `` The Sweet Escape '' . Her third solo album This Is What the Truth Feels Like was released in March 2016 and became her first solo number-one album on the Billboard 200 .   Stefani has won three Grammy Awards . As a solo artist she has received various accolades , including an American Music Award , Brit Award , World Music Award and two Billboard Music Awards . In 2003 , she debuted her clothing line L.A.M.B. and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line , drawing inspiration from Japanese culture and fashion . Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls . She was married to British musician Gavin Rossdale from 2002 to 2015 and they have three sons . Billboard magazine ranked Stefani the 54th most successful artist and 37th most successful Hot 100 artist of the 2000 -- 09 decade . VH1 ranked her 13th on their `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' list in 2012 . Including her work with No Doubt , Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "James Marsden worked with a director.", "evidence": "James Paul Marsden -LRB- born September 18 , 1973 -RRB- is an American actor , singer and former Versace model . Marsden began his acting career guest-starring in television shows Saved by the Bell : The New Class , Touched by an Angel , and Party of Five . He gained prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers/Cyclops in the X-Men film series and starred in 2006 's Superman Returns . Since 2016 , Marsden has starred as gunslinger Teddy Flood , a sentient android , in the HBO science fiction-western thriller series Westworld , as part of the main ensemble .   Following his breakthrough in comic book films , Marsden went on to star in various genre films including 2007 's Hairspray which was a critical and commercial success and won many awards for its ensemble cast . As Corny Collins , he sang two songs for the film 's soundtrack which has been certified Platinum by the RIAA . He 's had starring roles in family-friendly films such as Enchanted and Hop and leading man roles in 27 Dresses and The Best of Me .   Marsden later starred in a range of independent films such as Small Apartments , Bachelorette , and Robot & Frank . He also returned to television guest-starring in Modern Family and playing Liz Lemon 's love interest , Criss Chros in 30 Rock in a supporting role . Marsden then portrayed President John F. Kennedy in Lee Daniels ' The Butler and had a supporting role as an antagonist in Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues .  Hairspray is a 2007 musical romantic comedy film based on the 2002 Broadway musical of the same name , which in turn was based on John Waters ' 1988 comedy film of the same name . Adapted from both Waters 's 1988 script and Thomas Meehan and Mark O'Donnell 's book for the stage musical by screenwriter Leslie Dixon , the 2007 film version of Hairspray was directed and choreographed by Adam Shankman and has an ensemble cast including John Travolta , Michelle Pfeiffer , Christopher Walken , Amanda Bynes , James Marsden , Queen Latifah , Brittany Snow , Zac Efron , Elijah Kelley , Allison Janney and Nikki Blonsky in her feature film debut . Set in 1962 Baltimore , Maryland , the film follows the `` pleasantly plump '' teenager Tracy Turnblad as she pursues stardom as a dancer on a local TV show and rallies against racial segregation .   The film began development in 2004 , and Dixon reworked Meehan and O'Donnell 's first draft of the screenplay to tone down the musical 's campiness . In 2005 , Shankman agreed to direct the film . Composer/lyricist Marc Shaiman and lyricist Scott Wittman reworked their songs from the Broadway musical for the film 's soundtrack , and also wrote four new songs for the film . Principal photography commenced in September 2006 and ended in December of that year ; filming took place on locations in Toronto , Ontario and Hamilton , Ontario in Canada and on soundstages at Toronto 's Showline Studios . Recording sessions for the film 's songs and soundtrack took place in Los Angeles , California in the United States .   Hairspray premiered on July 13 , 2007 at the Mann Village Theater and was released on July 20 , 2007 in the United States . The film was a critical and financial success , breaking the record for biggest sales at opening weekend for a movie musical , which the film held until July 2008 when it was surpassed by Mamma Mia ! and later High School Musical 3 : Senior Year in October . Hairspray went on to become the sixth highest grossing musical film in US cinema history , behind the film adaptations of Grease , Chicago , and Mamma Mia ! , and stands as one of the most critically and commercially successful musical films of the last decade . Available in a variety of formats , Hairsprays Region 1 home video release took place on November 20 , 2007 . USA Network purchased the broadcast rights to Hairspray and was scheduled to debut the film on cable television in February 2010 , but in the end it did not broadcast that month , instead the film was pushed back and premiered on USA on July 24 , 2010 , with sister channel Bravo also showing it multiple times , and in February 2011 aired on ABC for over-the-air broadcasts .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Carrie Fisher died of cardiac arrest.", "evidence": "Carrie Frances Fisher -LRB- October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 -RRB- was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series . Her other film roles included Shampoo -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Blues Brothers -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , Hannah and Her Sisters -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The ` Burbs -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , and When Harry Met Sally ... -LRB- 1989 -RRB- .   Fisher wrote several semi-autobiographical novels , including Postcards from the Edge and the screenplay for the film of the book , as well as an autobiographical one-woman play , and its non-fiction book , Wishful Drinking , based on the play . She worked on other writers ' screenplays as a script doctor . In later years , she earned praise for speaking publicly about her experiences with bipolar disorder and drug addiction .   The daughter of the singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds , Fisher and her mother appear in Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds , a 2016 documentary about their relationship . It premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival . Fisher died of cardiac arrest on December 27 , 2016 , at age 60 , four days after experiencing a medical emergency during a transatlantic flight from London to Los Angeles . Her final film , Star Wars : The Last Jedi , is scheduled to be released on December 15 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ice hockey has competitions.", "evidence": "Ice hockey is a contact team sport played on ice , usually in a rink , in which two teams of skaters use their sticks to shoot a vulcanized rubber puck into their opponent 's net to score points . The sport is known to be fast-paced and physical , with teams usually consisting of six players each : one goaltender , and five players who skate up and down the ice trying to take the puck and score a goal against the opposing team .   Ice hockey is most popular in Canada , central and eastern Europe , Scandinavia , and the northern regions of the United States . Ice hockey is the official national winter sport of Canada , where the modern version of the sport was created , and enjoys immense popularity ; alongside Canada , hockey is the most popular winter sport in Finland , Latvia , the Czech Republic , Sweden , Slovakia , Belarus and Switzerland . In North America , the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- is the highest level for men 's hockey and the most popular . The Kontinental Hockey League -LRB- KHL -RRB- is the highest league in Russia and much of Eastern Europe . The International Ice Hockey Federation -LRB- IIHF -RRB- is the formal governing body for international ice hockey , with the IIHF managing international tournaments and maintaining the IIHF World Ranking . Worldwide , there are ice hockey federations in 74 countries .   Ice hockey is believed to have evolved from simple stick and ball games played in the 18th and 19th century United Kingdom and elsewhere . These games were brought to North America and several similar winter games using informal rules were developed , such as `` shinny '' and `` ice polo '' . The contemporary sport of ice hockey was developed in Canada , most notably in Montreal , where the first indoor hockey game was played on March 3 , 1875 . Some characteristics of that game , such as the length of the ice rink and the use of a puck , have been retained to this day . Amateur ice hockey leagues began in the 1880s , and professional ice hockey originated around 1900 . The Stanley Cup , emblematic of ice hockey club supremacy , was first awarded in 1893 to recognize the Canadian amateur champion and later became the championship trophy of the NHL . In the early 1900s , the Canadian rules were adopted by the Ligue Internationale de Hockey sur Glace , the precursor of the IIHF and the sport was played for the first time in the Olympics in the Olympic Games of 1920 .   In international competitions , the national teams of six countries -LRB- the `` Big Six '' -RRB- predominate : Canada , Czech Republic , Finland , Russia , Sweden and the United States . Of the 69 medals awarded all-time in men 's competition at the Olympics , only six medals were not awarded to one of those countries . In the annual Ice Hockey World Championships , 177 of 201 medals have been awarded to the six nations . Teams outside the `` Big Six '' have won only five medals in either competition since 1953 : All 12 Women 's Olympic and 36 IIHF World Women 's Championships medals have been awarded to one of these six countries , and every gold medal in both competitions has been won by either the Canadian national team or the United States national team .   In Canada , the United States , and some European countries it is known simply as hockey ; the name `` ice hockey '' is used in places where `` hockey '' more often refers to field hockey , such as South America , Asia , Africa , Australasia , and some European countries . In Russia and Ukraine , where `` hockey '' can also refer to bandy , ice hockey is often called `` hockey with puck '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Fifth Element was the lowest-grossing French film in the international box office until 2011.", "evidence": "The Fifth Element -LRB- Le Cinqui\u00e8me \u00c9l\u00e9ment -RRB- is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action film directed and co-written by Luc Besson . It stars Bruce Willis , Gary Oldman and Milla Jovovich . Primarily set in the 23rd century , the film 's central plot involves the survival of planet Earth , which becomes the responsibility of Korben Dallas -LRB- Willis -RRB- , a taxicab driver and former special forces major , after a young woman -LRB- Jovovich -RRB- falls into his cab . Dallas joins forces with her to recover four mystical stones essential for the defence of Earth against an impending attack .   Besson started writing the story that became The Fifth Element when he was 16 years old ; he was 38 when the film opened in cinemas . Besson wanted to shoot the film in France , but suitable locations could not be found ; filming took place instead in London and Mauritania . Comics writers Jean `` Moebius '' Giraud and Jean-Claude M\u00e9zi\u00e8res , whose comics provided inspiration for parts of the film , were hired for production design . Costume design was by Jean Paul Gaultier .   The Fifth Element received mainly positive reviews , although it tended to polarize critics . It has been called both the best and worst summer blockbuster of all time . The film was a financial success , earning more than $ 263 million at the box office on a $ 90 million budget . At the time of its release it was the most expensive European film ever made , and it remained the highest-grossing French film at the international box office until the release of The Intouchables in 2011 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Hunger Games is the first in Lord of the Rings series.", "evidence": "The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins . It is the first installment in The Hunger Games film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray . The film stars Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , Liam Hemsworth , Woody Harrelson , Elizabeth Banks , Lenny Kravitz , Stanley Tucci , and Donald Sutherland . The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem , where boys and girls between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in the Hunger Games , a televised annual event in which the `` tributes '' are required to fight to the death until there is only one survivor . Katniss Everdeen -LRB- Lawrence -RRB- volunteers to take her younger sister 's place . Joined by her district 's male tribute , Peeta Mellark -LRB- Hutcherson -RRB- , Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy -LRB- Harrelson -RRB- .   Development of The Hunger Games began in March 2009 when Lions Gate Entertainment entered into a co-production agreement with Color Force , which had acquired the rights a few weeks earlier . Collins collaborated with Ray and Ross to write the screenplay . The screenplay expanded the character of Seneca Crane to allow several developments to be shown directly to the audience and Ross added several scenes between Crane and Coriolanus Snow . The main characters were cast between March and May 2011 . Principal photography began in May 2011 and ended in September 2011 , with filming taking place in North Carolina . The Hunger Games was shot entirely on film as opposed to digital .   The film was released on March 21 , 2012 , in some European countries and in the US on March 23 , 2012 , in both conventional theaters and digital IMAX theaters . Japan received it last , on September 28 . When the film released , it set records for opening day -LRB- $ 67.3 million -RRB- and opening weekend for a non-sequel . At the time of its release , the film 's opening weekend gross -LRB- $ 152.5 million -RRB- was the third-largest of any movie in North America . It is the first film since Avatar to remain in first place at the North American box office for four consecutive weekends . The film was a massive box-office success by grossing over $ 694 million worldwide against its budget of $ 78 million , making it the third-highest-grossing film in the United States and ninth-highest-grossing worldwide of 2012 . It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 18 , 2012 . With 7,434,058 units sold , the DVD was the best-selling DVD of 2012 . A sequel , The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , was released on November 22 , 2013 , in the United States .   The Hunger Games received positive reviews from critics , with praise for its themes and messages , as well as Jennifer Lawrence 's portrayal of Katniss , though there was criticism of the film 's use of shaky cam in the action sequences . Like the novel , the film has been noted for its similarities to other works , such as Robert Sheckley 's short story `` Seventh Victim '' and its Italian film adaptation The 10th Victim , the Japanese novel Battle Royale and its film adaptation , and the Shirley Jackson short story `` The Lottery '' , with some criticizing The Hunger Games for being derivative of such works . Collins stated in an interview that her novel and screenplay drew on sources of inspiration such as the myth of Theseus , Roman gladiatorial games , reality television , and the desensitization of viewers to media coverage of real-life tragedy and war , not to think as just an audience member , `` Because those are real people on the screen , and they 're not going away when the commercials start to roll . '' The song `` Safe & Sound '' won a Grammy Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song . For her performance , Lawrence won the Saturn Award for Best Actress , the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress in an Action Movie , the Empire Award for Best Actress and was also nominated for the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Audi used to have the pet \"Truth in Engineering.\"", "evidence": "Audi -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0294a\u028a\u032fd\u026a \u0294a\u02d0\u02c8ge\u02d0 -RSB- -RRB- is a German automobile manufacturer that designs , engineers , produces , markets and distributes luxury vehicles . Audi is a member of the Volkswagen Group and has its roots at Ingolstadt , Bavaria , Germany . Audi-branded vehicles are produced in nine production facilities worldwide .   The origins of the company are complex , going back to the early 20th century and the initial enterprises -LRB- Horch and the Audiwerke -RRB- founded by engineer August Horch ; and two other manufacturers -LRB- DKW and Wanderer -RRB- , leading to the foundation of Auto Union in 1932 . The modern era of Audi essentially began in the 1960s when Auto Union was acquired by Volkswagen from Daimler-Benz . After relaunching the Audi brand with the 1965 introduction of the Audi F103 series , Volkswagen merged Auto Union with NSU Motorenwerke in 1969 , thus creating the present day form of the company .   The company name is based on the Latin translation of the surname of the founder , August Horch . `` Horch '' , meaning `` listen '' in German , becomes `` audi '' in Latin . The four rings of the Audi logo each represent one of four car companies that banded together to create Audi 's predecessor company , Auto Union . Audi 's slogan is Vorsprung durch Technik , meaning `` Advancement through Technology '' . However , Audi USA had used the slogan `` Truth in Engineering '' from 2007 to 2016 , and has not used the slogan since 2016 . Audi , along with BMW and Mercedes are among the best-selling luxury automobile brands in the world .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Java contains more than half of the population of Indonesia.", "evidence": "Indonesia -LRB- -LSB- \u026and\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0292\u0259 -RSB- or -LSB- \u02cc\u026ando\u028a\u02c8ni\u02d0zi\u0259 -RSB- ; Indonesian : -LSB- \u026andonesia -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Indonesia -LRB- -LSB- r\u025bpublik \u026andonesia -RSB- -RRB- , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania . Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans , it is the world 's largest island country , with more than seventeen thousand islands . At 1,904,569 km2 , Indonesia is the world 's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world 's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area . It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world 's fourth most populous country , the most populous Austronesian nation , as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country . The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .   Indonesia 's republican form of government includes an elected legislature and president . Indonesia has 34 provinces , of which five have Special Administrative status . Its capital and country 's most populous city is Jakarta , which is also the most populous city in Southeast Asia and the second in Asia . The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and the eastern part of Malaysia . Other neighbouring countries include Singapore , Vietnam , the Philippines , Australia , Palau , and the Indian territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands . Despite its large population and densely populated regions , Indonesia has vast areas of wilderness that support the world 's second highest level of biodiversity . The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas , tin , copper and gold . Agriculture mainly produces rice , palm oil , tea , coffee , cacao , medicinal plants , spices and rubber . Indonesia 's major trading partners are Japan , United States , China and the surrounding countries of Singapore , Malaysia and Australia .   The Indonesian archipelago has been an important region for trade since at least the 7th century , when Srivijaya and then later Majapahit traded with China and India . Local rulers gradually absorbed foreign cultural , religious and political models from the early centuries CE , and Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms flourished . Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources . Muslim traders and Sufi scholars brought the now-dominant Islam , while European powers brought Christianity and fought one another to monopolise trade in the Spice Islands of Maluku during the Age of Discovery . Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism starting from Amboina and Batavia , and eventually all of the archipelago including Timor and Western New Guinea , at times interrupted by Portuguese , French and British rule , Indonesia secured its independence after World War II .   Indonesia consists of hundreds of distinct native ethnic and linguistic groups , with the largest -- and politically dominant -- ethnic group being the Javanese . The population is unevenly spread throughout the islands within a variety of habitats and levels of development , ranging from the megalopolis of Jakarta to uncontacted tribes in the east . A shared identity has developed , defined by a national language , ethnic diversity , religious pluralism within a Muslim-majority population , and a history of colonialism and rebellion against it . Indonesia 's national motto , `` Bhinneka Tunggal Ika '' -LRB- `` Unity in Diversity '' literally , `` many , yet one '' -RRB- , articulates the diversity that shapes the country . Indonesia 's economy is the world 's 16th largest by nominal GDP and the 8th largest by GDP at PPP , the largest in Southeast Asia , and is considered an emerging market and newly industrialised country . Indonesia has been a member of the United Nations since 1950 . Indonesia was an organizer of the Bandung Conference and was the founder of Non-Aligned Movement ; and also the founding member of Association of Southeast Asian Nations , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , East Asia Summit , and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation . Indonesia is a member of the G20 major economies and World Trade Organization .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Urilla Sutherland Earp was the first spouse of Wyatt Earp.", "evidence": "Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp -LRB- March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 -RRB- was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys . He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .   Earp lived a restless life . He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee . Earp spent his early life in Iowa . In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born . During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' . His third arrest was subject of a lengthy account in the `` Daily Transcript '' which referred to him as an `` old offender '' and nicknamed him the `` Peoria Bummer '' .   By 1874 he had arrived in the cattle boomtown of Wichita , Kansas where his brother had opened a brothel . On April 21 , 1875 he was appointed to the Wichita police force , and developed a solid reputation as a lawman . In April 1876 he was dismissed from his position as a lawman following an altercation with a political opponent of his boss which led to him being fined $ 30 . In 1876 , he followed his brother James to Dodge City , Kansas , where he became an assistant city marshal . In winter 1878 , he went to Texas to track down an outlaw and met John `` Doc '' Holliday , whom Earp later credited with saving his life .   Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another . He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway . There , the Earps clashed with a loose federation of outlaws known as the Cowboys . Wyatt , Virgil , and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury , and Ike and Billy Clanton , who threatened on several occasions to kill the Earps . The conflict escalated over the next year , culminating on October 26 , 1881 in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the Cowboys . In the next five months , Virgil was ambushed and maimed , and Morgan was assassinated . Pursuing a vendetta , Wyatt , his brother Warren , Holliday , and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible . Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights in which he took part , unlike his brothers Virgil and James , or his friend , Doc Holliday , which only added to his mystique after his death .   Earp was a lifelong gambler and was always looking for a quick way to make money . After leaving Tombstone , Earp went to San Francisco where he reunited with Josephine Earp . She became his common-law wife . They joined a gold rush to Eagle City , Idaho , where they owned mining interests and a saloon . They left there to race horses and open a saloon during a real estate boom in San Diego , California . Back in San Francisco , Wyatt raced horses again , but his reputation suffered irreparably when he refereed the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey boxing match and called a foul that led many to believe that he fixed the fight . They moved briefly to Yuma , Arizona before joining the Nome Gold Rush in 1899 . In partnership with Charlie Hoxie they opened a two-story saloon called the Dexter and made an estimated $ 80,000 -LRB- about $ 2 million in 2017 dollars -RRB- . Returning to the lower 48 , they opened another saloon in Tonopah , Nevada , the site of a new gold find . In about 1911 , Earp began working several mining claims in Vidal , California , retiring in the hot summers with Josephine to Los Angeles .   Wyatt Earp died on January 13 , 1929 . He was known as a Western lawman , gunfighter , and boxing referee . He had a notorious reputation for both his handling of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey fight and his role in the O.K. Corral gunfight . This only began to change after his death when an extremely flattering biography was published in 1931 . It became a bestseller and created his reputation as a fearless lawman . Since then , Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films , TV shows , biographies , and works of fiction that have increased his notoriety . He did , however , live to see himself being portrayed in the film Wild Bill Hickok , released in 1923 . Long after his death , he has many devoted detractors and admirers . Earp 's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West 's `` toughest and deadliest gunman of his day . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Brave is a 2010s film.", "evidence": "Brave is a 2012 American 3D computer-animated fantasy comedy-drama film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It was directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman and co-directed by Steve Purcell . The story is by Chapman , with the screenplay by Andrews , Purcell , Chapman and Irene Mecchi . The film was produced by Katherine Sarafian , with John Lasseter , Andrew Stanton , and Pete Docter as executive producers . The film 's voice cast features Kelly Macdonald , Billy Connolly , Emma Thompson , Julie Walters , Robbie Coltrane , Kevin McKidd , and Craig Ferguson . Set in the Scottish Highlands , the film tells the story of a princess named Merida who defies an age-old custom , causing chaos in the kingdom by expressing the desire not to be betrothed .   Chapman drew inspiration for the film 's story from her relationship with her own daughter . Co-directing with Mark Andrews , Chapman became Pixar 's first female director of a feature-length film . To create the most complex visuals possible , Pixar completely rewrote their animation system for the first time in 25 years . Brave is the first film to use the Dolby Atmos sound format .   Brave premiered on June 10 , 2012 , at the Seattle International Film Festival , and was released in North America on June 22 , 2012 , to both positive reviews and box office success . The film won the Academy Award , the Golden Globe , and the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Feature Film . Preceding the feature theatrically was a short film entitled La Luna , directed by Enrico Casarosa .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Winter Passing had mixed reviews in 2005.", "evidence": "Winter Passing is a 2005 American film . It is the directorial debut of playwright Adam Rapp , also known for his work on the show The L Word . The film stars Zooey Deschanel and Ed Harris , with supporting performances by Will Ferrell and Amelia Warner . The film premiered in 2005 to mixed reviews , and was not released in the United Kingdom until 2013 , when it was released under the new title Happy Endings .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Audrey Horne was introduced in anything except a series that premiered on Sunday.", "evidence": "Audrey Horne is a fictional character from the ABC television series Twin Peaks , played by Sherilyn Fenn . The character was created by David Lynch . She was introduced in the pilot . The daughter of Ben -LRB- Richard Beymer -RRB- and Sylvia Horne , sister of Johnny Horne -LRB- Robert Bauer -RRB- and half-sister of Donna Hayward -LRB- Lara Flynn Boyle -RRB- , her storylines focused on her infatuation with the series protagonist Dale Cooper -LRB- Kyle MacLachlan -RRB- , infiltrating the brothel/casino One Eyed Jacks and becoming an activist through civil disobedience .  The pilot episode , also known as Northwest Passage , of the mystery television series Twin Peaks premiered on the ABC Network on Sunday , April 8 , 1990 . It was written by series creators Mark Frost and David Lynch , and directed by Lynch . The pilot follows the characters of Dale Cooper and Harry S. Truman as they investigate the death of popular high school student Laura Palmer ; Cooper believes the murder has connections to a murder case that occurred a year earlier . In addition to setting the tone for the show , the episode sets up several character and story arcs and marked the appearance of several recurring characters . The episode received a strong Nielsen household rating compared to other season one episodes and was well received by fans and critics alike . The original title for the series was Northwest Passage , but this was later changed .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Line of Duty is a TV series.", "evidence": "Line of Duty is a British police procedural television series created by Jed Mercurio that premiered on 26 June 2012 . It is the most popular drama series broadcast on BBC Two in the multichannel era and is a winner of the Royal Television Society Award for Best Drama Series . Line of Duty was included in a list of the Top 50 BBC Two shows of all-time , in a list of the 80 best BBC shows of all time and was the highest ranked current series in a list of the best cop shows of all time .   The first series was BBC Two 's best-performing drama series in ten years , with a consolidated audience of 4.1 million viewers . The drama was recommissioned for a second series and the first episode was broadcast on 12 February 2014 . The second series achieved widespread public and critical acclaim , and on 8 April 2014 , the BBC commissioned two more series .   In an interview on 28 April 2016 , creator Jed Mercurio said that a fourth series would begin filming in the autumn of that year . It commenced broadcast on BBC One on 26 March 2017 . A fifth series has been confirmed and will air in Spring 2019 . A sixth series has also been ordered by the BBC .   In the United States , the first series was aired on Hulu in August 2012 as an exclusive series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Dayton Agreement was signed in April.", "evidence": "The General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina , also known as the Dayton Agreement , Dayton Accords , Paris Protocol or Dayton-Paris Agreement , is the peace agreement reached at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton , Ohio , United States , in November 1995 , and formally signed in Paris on 14 December 1995 . These accords put an end to the - year-long Bosnian War , one of the Yugoslav Wars .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The National Security Agency is tasked with the processing of data for counterintelligence purposes.", "evidence": "The National Security Agency -LRB- NSA -RRB- is a military intelligence organization and a constituent of the United States Department of Defense -LRB- DOD -RRB- . The NSA is responsible for global monitoring , collection , and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , a discipline known as signals intelligence -LRB- SIGINT -RRB- . NSA is concurrently charged with protection of U.S. government communications and information systems against penetration and network warfare . Although many of NSA 's programs rely on `` passive '' electronic collection , the agency is authorized to accomplish its mission through active clandestine means , among which are physically bugging electronic systems and allegedly engaging in sabotage through subversive software . Moreover , NSA maintains physical presence in a large number of countries across the globe , where its Special Collection Service -LRB- SCS -RRB- inserts eavesdropping devices in difficult-to-reach places . SCS collection tactics allegedly encompass `` close surveillance , burglary , wiretapping , breaking and entering . ''   Unlike the Defense Intelligence Agency -LRB- DIA -RRB- and the Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- , both of which specialize primarily in foreign human espionage , NSA does not unilaterally conduct human-source intelligence gathering , despite often being portrayed so in popular culture . Instead , NSA is entrusted with assistance to and coordination of SIGINT elements at other government organizations , which are prevented by law from engaging in such activities without the approval of the NSA via the Defense Secretary . As part of these streamlining responsibilities , the agency has a co-located organization called the Central Security Service -LRB- CSS -RRB- , which was created to facilitate cooperation between NSA and other U.S. military cryptanalysis components . Additionally , the NSA Director simultaneously serves as the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and as Chief of the Central Security Service .   Originating as a unit to decipher coded communications in World War II , it was officially formed as the NSA by President Harry S. Truman in 1952 . Since then , it has become one of the largest U.S. intelligence organizations in terms of personnel and budget , operating as part of the Department of Defense and simultaneously reporting to the Director of National Intelligence .   NSA surveillance has been a matter of political controversy on several occasions , such as its spying on anti-Vietnam-war leaders and economic espionage . In 2013 , the extent of some of the NSA 's secret surveillance programs was revealed to the public by Edward Snowden . According to the leaked documents , the NSA intercepts the communications of over a billion people worldwide , many of whom are United States citizens , and tracks the movement of hundreds of millions of people using cellphones . Internationally , research has pointed to the NSA 's ability to surveil the domestic Internet traffic of foreign countries through `` boomerang routing '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gold is resistant to all acids except aqua regia.", "evidence": "Gold is a chemical element with symbol Au -LRB- from aurum -RRB- and atomic number 79 . In its purest form , it is a bright , slightly reddish yellow , dense , soft , malleable , and ductile metal . Chemically , gold is a transition metal and a group 11 element . It is one of the least reactive chemical elements and is solid under standard conditions . Gold often occurs in free elemental -LRB- native -RRB- form , as nuggets or grains , in rocks , in veins , and in alluvial deposits . It occurs in a solid solution series with the native element silver -LRB- as electrum -RRB- and also naturally alloyed with copper and palladium . Less commonly , it occurs in minerals as gold compounds , often with tellurium -LRB- gold tellurides -RRB- .   Gold 's atomic number of 79 makes it one of the higher numbered , naturally occurring elements . It is thought to have been produced in supernova nucleosynthesis , from the collision of neutron stars , and to have been present in the dust from which the Solar System formed . Because the Earth was molten when it was formed , almost all of the gold present in the early Earth probably sank into the planetary core . Therefore , most of the gold that is present today in the Earth 's crust and mantle is thought to have been delivered to Earth later , by asteroid impacts during the Late Heavy Bombardment , about 4 billion years ago .   Gold is resistant to most acids , though it does dissolve in aqua regia , a mixture of nitric acid and hydrochloric acid , which forms a soluble tetrachloroaurate anion . Gold is insoluble in nitric acid , which dissolves silver and base metals , a property that has long been used to refine gold and to confirm the presence of gold in metallic objects , giving rise to the term acid test . Gold also dissolves in alkaline solutions of cyanide , which are used in mining and electroplating . Gold dissolves in mercury , forming amalgam alloys , but this is not a chemical reaction .   Historically , the value of gold was rooted in its relative rarity , easy handling and minting , easy smelting and fabrication , resistance to corrosion and other chemical reactions -LRB- nobility -RRB- and its distinctive color . As a precious metal , gold has been used for coinage , jewelry , and other arts throughout recorded history . In the past , a gold standard was often implemented as a monetary policy , but gold coins ceased to be minted as a circulating currency in the 1930s , and the world gold standard was abandoned for a fiat currency system after 1976 .   A total of 186,700 tonnes of gold is in existence above ground , as of 2015 . The world consumption of new gold produced is about 50 % in jewelry , 40 % in investments , and 10 % in industry . Gold 's high malleability , ductility , resistance to corrosion and most other chemical reactions , and conductivity of electricity have led to its continued use in corrosion resistant electrical connectors in all types of computerized devices -LRB- its chief industrial use -RRB- . Gold is also used in infrared shielding , colored-glass production , gold leafing , and tooth restoration . Certain gold salts are still used as anti-inflammatories in medicine . As of 2014 , the world 's largest gold producer by far was China with 450 tonnes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a geologic period that spans 43 million years called Paleogene.", "evidence": "The Paleogene -LRB- -LSB- pron\u02c8p\u00e6li\u02d0\u0259d\u0292i\u02d0n -RSB- or -LSB- \u02c8pe\u026ali\u02d0\u0259d\u0292i\u02d0n -RSB- also spelled Palaeogene or Pal\u00e6ogene ; informally Lower Tertiary -RRB- is a geologic period and system that spans 43 million years from the end of the Cretaceous Period million years ago -LRB- Mya -RRB- to the beginning of the Neogene Period Mya . It is the beginning of the Cenozoic Era of the present Phanerozoic Eon . The Paleogene is most notable for being the time during which mammals diversified from relatively small , simple forms into a large group of diverse animals in the wake of the Cretaceous -- Paleogene extinction event that ended the preceding Cretaceous Period .   This period consists of the Paleocene , Eocene and Oligocene epochs . The end of the Paleocene -LRB- 55.5 / 54.8 Mya -RRB- was marked by the Paleocene -- Eocene Thermal Maximum , one of the most significant periods of global change during the Cenozoic , which upset oceanic and atmospheric circulation and led to the extinction of numerous deep-sea benthic foraminifera and on land , a major turnover in mammals . The terms ` Paleogene System ' -LRB- formal -RRB- and ` lower Tertiary System ' -LRB- informal -RRB- are applied to the rocks deposited during the ` Paleogene Period ' . The somewhat confusing terminology seems to be due to attempts to deal with the comparatively fine subdivisions of time possible in the relatively recent geologic past , for which more details are preserved . By dividing the Tertiary Period into two periods instead of directly into five epochs , the periods are more closely comparable to the duration of ` periods ' of the preceding Mesozoic and Paleozoic Eras .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cher has sold more than 100 million music records worldwide.", "evidence": "Cher -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0283\u025b\u0259r -RSB- born Cherilyn Sarkisian , May 20 , 1946 -RRB- is an American singer and actress . Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop , she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry . She is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment , as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances during her five-decade-long career .   Cher gained popularity in 1965 as one-half of the folk rock husband-wife duo Sonny & Cher after their song `` I Got You Babe '' reached number one on the American and British charts . By the end of 1967 , they had sold 40 million records worldwide and had become , according to Time magazine , rock 's `` it '' couple . She began her solo career simultaneously , releasing in 1966 her first million-seller song , `` Bang Bang -LRB- My Baby Shot Me Down -RRB- '' . She became a television personality in the 1970s with her shows The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour , watched by over 30 million viewers weekly during its three-year run , and Cher . She emerged as a fashion trendsetter by wearing elaborate outfits on her television shows . While working on television , she established herself as a solo artist with the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart-topping singles `` Gypsys , Tramps & Thieves '' , `` Half-Breed '' , and `` Dark Lady '' . After her divorce from Sonny Bono in 1975 , Cher launched a comeback in 1979 with the disco-oriented album Take Me Home and earned $ 300,000 a week for her 198082 residency show in Las Vegas .   In 1982 , Cher made her Broadway debut in the play Come Back to the Five and Dime , Jimmy Dean , Jimmy Dean and starred in the film adaptation of the same title . She subsequently earned critical acclaim for her performances in films such as Silkwood -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Mask -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , and Moonstruck -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress . She then revived her musical career by recording the rock-inflected albums Cher -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Heart of Stone -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , and Love Hurts -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , all of which yielded several successful singles . She reached a new commercial peak in 1998 with the album Believe , whose title track became the biggest-selling single of all time by a female artist in the UK . It also features the pioneering use of Auto-Tune , also known as the `` Cher effect '' . Her 2002 -- 2005 Living Proof : The Farewell Tour became one of the highest-grossing concert tours of all time , earning $ 250 million . In 2008 , she signed a $ 180 million deal to headline the Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas for three years . After seven years of absence , she returned to film in the 2010 musical Burlesque . Cher 's first studio album in 12 years , Closer to the Truth -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , became her highest-charting solo album in the U.S. to date at number three .   Cher has won a Grammy Award , an Emmy Award , an Academy Award , three Golden Globe Awards , a Cannes Film Festival Award , and a special CFDA Fashion Award , among several other honors . Throughout her career , she has sold 100 million records worldwide , becoming one of the best-selling music artists in the music history . She is the only artist to date to have a number-one single on a Billboard chart in each decade from the 1960s to the 2010s . Outside of her music and acting , she is noted for her political views , philanthropic endeavors and social activism , including LGBT rights and HIV/AIDS prevention .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bernard Madoff got the sentence.", "evidence": "Bernard Lawrence `` Bernie '' Madoff -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8me\u026ad\u0252f -RSB- born April 29 , 1938 -RRB- is an American fraudster and a former stockbroker , investment advisor , and financier . He is the former non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ stock market , and the admitted operator of a Ponzi scheme that is considered the largest financial fraud in U.S. history . Prosecutors estimated the size of the fraud to be $ 64.8 billion , based on the amounts in the accounts of Madoff 's 4,800 clients as of November 30 , 2008 .   Madoff founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC in 1960 , and was its chairman until his arrest on December 11 , 2008 . The firm was one of the top market maker businesses on Wall Street , which bypassed `` specialist '' firms by directly executing orders over the counter from retail brokers . At the firm , he employed his brother Peter as senior managing director and chief compliance officer , Peter 's daughter Shana Madoff , as the firm 's rules and compliance officer and attorney , and his sons Andrew and Mark . Peter has since been sentenced to 10 years in prison and Mark committed suicide by hanging exactly two years after his father 's arrest . Andrew died of lymphoma on September 3 , 2014 .   On December 10 , 2008 , Madoff 's sons told authorities that their father had confessed to them that the asset management unit of his firm was a massive Ponzi scheme , and quoted him as describing it as `` one big lie '' . The following day , FBI agents arrested Madoff and charged him with one count of securities fraud . The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- SEC -RRB- had previously conducted multiple investigations into Madoff 's business practices , but had not uncovered the massive fraud .   On March 12 , 2009 , Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and admitted to turning his wealth management business into a massive Ponzi scheme . The Madoff investment scandal defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars . Madoff said he began the Ponzi scheme in the early 1990s . However , federal investigators believe the fraud began as early as the mid-1980s and may have begun as far back as the 1970s . Those charged with recovering the missing money believe the investment operation may never have been legitimate . The amount missing from client accounts , including fabricated gains , was almost $ 65 billion . The Securities Investor Protection Corporation -LRB- SIPC -RRB- trustee estimated actual losses to investors of $ 18 billion . On June 29 , 2009 , Madoff was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Donkey is a fast-talking donkey.", "evidence": "Donkey is a fast-talking donkey created by William Steig and adapted by DreamWorks Animation for the Shrek franchise . The character is voiced by Eddie Murphy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "O. J. Simpson received a criminal charge for armed robbery.", "evidence": "Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson -LRB- born July 9 , 1947 -RRB- , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .   Simpson attended the University of Southern California -LRB- USC -RRB- , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 . He played professionally in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as a running back for 11 seasons , with the Buffalo Bills from 1969 to 1977 and with the San Francisco 49ers from 1978 to 1979 . In 1973 , he became the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season ; holding the record for the single season yards-per-game average , which stands at 143.1 . He is the only player to ever rush for over 2,000 yards in the 14-game regular season NFL format .   Simpson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983 and the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1985 . After retiring from football , he began new careers in acting and football broadcasting .   In 1995 , Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman after a lengthy and internationally publicised trial . The families of the victims filed a civil suit against him , and in 1997 a civil court awarded a $ 33.5 million judgment against Simpson for the victims ' wrongful deaths .   In 2007 , Simpson was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with felonies including armed robbery and kidnapping . In 2008 , he was convicted and sentenced to 33 years imprisonment , with a minimum of nine years without parole . He is serving his sentence at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock , Nevada .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ketogenic diet has protein.", "evidence": "The ketogenic diet is a high-fat , adequate-protein , low-carbohydrate diet that in medicine is used primarily to treat difficult-to-control -LRB- refractory -RRB- epilepsy in children . The diet forces the body to burn fats rather than carbohydrates . Normally , the carbohydrates contained in food are converted into glucose , which is then transported around the body and is particularly important in fueling brain-function . However , if there is very little carbohydrate in the diet , the liver converts fat into fatty acids and ketone bodies . The ketone bodies pass into the brain and replace glucose as an energy source . An elevated level of ketone bodies in the blood , a state known as ketosis , leads to a reduction in the frequency of epileptic seizures . Almost half of children , and young people , with epilepsy who have tried some form of this diet saw the number of seizures drop by at least half , and the effect persists even after discontinuing the diet . There is some evidence that adults with epilepsy may benefit from the diet , and that a less strict regimen , such as a modified Atkins diet , is similarly effective . The most common adverse effect is constipation , affecting about 30 % of patients -- this was due to fluid restriction , which was once a feature of the diet , but this led to increased risk of kidney stones , and is no longer considered beneficial .   The original therapeutic diet for paediatric epilepsy provides just enough protein for body growth and repair , and sufficient calories to maintain the correct weight for age and height . The classic therapeutic ketogenic diet was developed for treatment of paediatric epilepsy in the 1920s and was widely used into the next decade , but its popularity waned with the introduction of effective anticonvulsant drugs . This classic ketogenic diet contains a 4:1 ratio by weight of fat to combined protein and carbohydrate . This is achieved by excluding high-carbohydrate foods such as starchy fruits and vegetables , bread , pasta , grains and sugar , while increasing the consumption of foods high in fat such as nuts , cream and butter . Most dietary fat is made of molecules called long-chain triglycerides -LRB- LCTs -RRB- . However , medium-chain triglycerides -LRB- MCTs -RRB- -- made from fatty acids with shorter carbon chains than LCTs -- are more ketogenic . A variant of the classic diet known as the MCT ketogenic diet uses a form of coconut oil , which is rich in MCTs , to provide around half the calories . As less overall fat is needed in this variant of the diet , a greater proportion of carbohydrate and protein can be consumed , allowing a greater variety of food choices .   In the mid-1990s , Hollywood producer Jim Abrahams , whose son 's severe epilepsy was effectively controlled by the diet , created the Charlie Foundation to promote it . Publicity included an appearance on NBC 's Dateline programme and ... First Do No Harm -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , a made-for-television film starring Meryl Streep . The foundation sponsored a multicentre research study , the results of which -- announced in 1996 -- marked the beginning of renewed scientific interest in the diet .   Clinical trials and studies in animal models -LRB- including C. elegans -RRB- suggest that ketogenic diets provide neuroprotective and disease-modifying benefits for a number of adult neurodegenerative disorders . As of 2012 , there is limited clinical trial data in these areas , and , outside of paediatric epilepsy , use of the ketogenic diet remains at the research stage .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dennis Quaid refused to ever be an actor.", "evidence": "Dennis William Quaid -LRB- born April 9 , 1954 -RRB- is an American actor known for a wide variety of dramatic and comedic roles . First gaining widespread attention in the 1980s , his career rebounded in the 1990s after he overcame an addiction to drugs and an eating disorder . Some of his notable credits include Breaking Away , The Right Stuff , Wyatt Earp , The Rookie , The Day After Tomorrow , Traffic , Vantage Point , Footloose , Frequency , The Parent Trap , Yours , Mine & Ours and Soul Surfer . For his role in Far from Heaven -LRB- 2002 -RRB- he won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actor and several other accolades .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The United States was the first country to develop nuclear weapons.", "evidence": "The United States of America -LRB- USA -RRB- , commonly known as the United States -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .  Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico . The state of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America , bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west . The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean . The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea . Nine time zones are covered . The geography , climate and wildlife of the country are extremely diverse .   At 3.8 million square miles -LRB- 9.8 million km2 -RRB- and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , and is home to the world 's largest immigrant population . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the largest city is New York City ; nine other major metropolitan areas -- each with at least 4.5 million inhabitants and the largest having more than 13 million people -- are Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , Philadelphia , Miami , Atlanta , Boston , and San Francisco .   Paleo-Indians migrated from Asia to the North American mainland at least 15,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from 13 British colonies along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies following the Seven Years ' War led to the American Revolution , which began in 1775 . On July 4 , 1776 , during the course of the American Revolutionary War , the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence . The war ended in 1783 with recognition of the independence of the United States by Great Britain , representing the first successful war of independence against a European power . The current constitution was adopted in 1788 , after the Articles of Confederation , adopted in 1781 , were felt to have provided inadequate federal powers . The first ten amendments , collectively named the Bill of Rights , were ratified in 1791 and designed to guarantee many fundamental civil liberties .   The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century , displacing Native American tribes , acquiring new territories , and gradually admitting new states until it spanned the continent by 1848 . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the end of legal slavery in the country . By the end of that century , the United States extended into the Pacific Ocean , and its economy , driven in large part by the Industrial Revolution , began to soar . The Spanish -- American War and confirmed the country 's status as a global military power . The United States emerged from as a global superpower , the first country to develop nuclear weapons , the only country to use them in warfare , and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council . The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower . The U.S. is a founding member of the United Nations , World Bank , International Monetary Fund , Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , and other international organizations .   The United States is a highly developed country , with the world 's largest economy by nominal GDP and second-largest economy by PPP . Though its population is only 4.3 % of the world total , Americans hold nearly 40 % of the total wealth in the world . The United States ranks among the highest in several measures of socioeconomic performance , including average wage , human development , per capita GDP , and productivity per person . While the U.S. economy is considered post-industrial , characterized by the dominance of services and knowledge economy , the manufacturing sector remains the second-largest in the world . Accounting for approximately a quarter of global GDP and a third of global military spending , the United States is the world 's foremost economic and military power . The United States is a prominent political and cultural force internationally , and a leader in scientific research and technological innovations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Thandie Newton is incapable of appearing in British films.", "evidence": "Melanie Thandiwe `` Thandie '' Newton -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8t\u00e6ndi -RSB- born 6 November 1972 -RRB- is an English actress . She has appeared in several British and American films , and is known for roles such as Linda in The Pursuit of Happyness , Nyah Nordoff-Hall in Mission : Impossible 2 and Christine in Crash , for which she received a number of awards , including a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role .   As of 2016 , she plays the sentient android , the madam Maeve Millay in the HBO science fiction-Western television series Westworld , which earned her a Critics ' Choice Award and Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations . She also portrayed DCI Roz Huntley in Series 4 of the BBC One police procedural series Line of Duty .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was in a film.", "evidence": "Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ri\u02d0s_\u02c8w\u026a\u00f0\u0259rspu\u02d0n -RSB- born March 22 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and entrepreneur . Born in New Orleans and raised in Tennessee , she began her career as a child actress , making her professional screen debut in The Man in the Moon -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award . Following breakout roles in Desperate Choices : To Save My Child -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and Jack the Bear , she starred in the comedy-drama Pleasantville -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , for which she won the Young Hollywood Award for Breakthrough Performance . Her leading role of Tracy Flick in Election -LRB- 1999 -RRB- was nominated for a Golden Globe Award .   Witherspoon 's breakthrough role was playing Elle Woods in the 2001 film Legally Blonde , for which she received her second Golden Globe nomination . The following year , she starred in the romantic comedy Sweet Home Alabama , which emerged as her biggest live-action commercial success . In 2005 , she portrayed June Carter in Walk the Line , which earned her the Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , BAFTA Award , Screen Actors Guild Award , and Critics Choice Award for Best Actress . Other notable films of hers include Legally Blonde 2 : Red , White & Blonde -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Monsters vs. Aliens -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Water for Elephants -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and Sing -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . In 2014 , Witherspoon produced the thriller Gone Girl and received critical acclaim for portraying Cheryl Strayed in Wild , for which she earned her second Academy Award nomination for Best Actress and a fourth Golden Globe nomination . In 2017 , she produced and starred in the HBO drama series Big Little Lies .   Witherspoon owns a production company , Pacific Standard , and she is actively involved in children 's and women 's advocacy organizations . She serves on the board of the Children 's Defense Fund -LRB- CDF -RRB- and was named Global Ambassador of Avon Products in 2007 , serving as honorary chair of the charitable Avon Foundation . She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jenni Rivera was only nominated for an award presented annually by American network Univision.", "evidence": "Dolores Janney Rivera Saavedra -LRB- July 2 , 1969 -- December 9 , 2012 -RRB- , better known as Jenni Rivera , was an American singer , songwriter , actress , television producer , spokesperson , philanthropist and entrepreneur known for her work within the Banda and ranchera music genres . In life and death , several media outlets including CNN , Billboard , Fox News , and The New York Times have labeled her as the most important female figure and top selling female artist in the Mexican music genre . Billboard magazine named her the `` top Latin artist of 2013 '' , the `` best selling Latin artist of 2013 '' .   Rivera began recording music in 1992 . Her recordings often had themes of social issues , infidelity , and relationships . Rivera released her first studio album , Si Quieres Verme Llorar , in the late 1990s , failing to attain commercial success ; however , she rose to prominence in the United States and Mexico with her major-label debut , Parrandera , Rebelde y Atrevida . In the early 2000s , she was often criticized and was refused bookings at venues across California for performing Banda music -- a male-dominated music genre . However , her popularity grew after she won the Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year in 2007 , which she won nine consecutive times . Her tenth studio album , Jenni -LRB- 2008 -RRB- became her first No. 1 record on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart in the United States . In 2010 , she appeared in and produced the reality TV show Jenni Rivera Presents : Chiquis & Raq-C . She also appeared in and produced I Love Jenni starting in 2011 through 2013 and Chiquis 'n Control in 2012 . Her acting debut was in the film Filly Brown , which was released in 2013 .   Rivera garnered nominations and awards from Latin music 's most prestigious accolades . Over the course of her career she was awarded two Oye ! Awards -LRB- Mexico 's equivalent to the United States ' Grammy Awards -RRB- , two Billboard Music Awards , twenty-two Billboard Latin Music Awards , eleven Billboard Mexican Music Awards and eighteen Lo Nuestro Awards . She received four Latin Grammy nominations . She has a star on the Las Vegas Walk of Stars , and she is one of the best-selling regional Mexican artists of all time , having sold more than 20 million records worldwide .   Aside from music , she was active in her community and donated her time to civic causes . The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence appointed her its spokesperson in the United States . A proclamation was given `` officially naming '' August 6 `` Jenni Rivera Day '' by the Los Angeles City Council for all her charity work and community involvement .   Rivera , along with six others , died in a plane crash near Iturbide , Nuevo Le\u00f3n on December 9 , 2012 . Her death made international headlines for weeks . In December 2014 , Mexican authorities closed the investigation on what brought the plane down . Mexican Director of Civil Aviation , Gilberto G\u00f3mez Meyer , stated that the results of the plane crash have come back inconclusive and that they are unable to determine the exact cause of the crash . Lawsuits involving the owners of the plane , Rivera 's estate , and family members of those on board with Rivera have been filed in The Superior Court of Los Angeles County .  The Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year is an award presented annually by American network Univision.The accolade was established to recognize the most talented performers of Latin music . The nominees and winners were originally selected by a voting poll conducted among program directors of Spanish-language radio stations in the United States and also based on chart performance on Billboard Latin music charts , with the results being tabulated and certified by the accounting firm Deloitte . At the present time , the winners are selected by the audience through an online survey . The trophy awarded is shaped in the form of a treble clef .   The award was first presented to Mexican singer Ana Gabriel in 1992 . Mexican-American performer Jenni Rivera holds the record for the most awards with 9 , out of ten nominations . Mexican singer Graciela Beltr\u00e1n is the most nominated performer without a win , with ten unsuccessful nominations .   In 2017 , the award was not included in the categories .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Curly Top was released.", "evidence": "Curly Top -LRB- 1935 -RRB- is an American musical film directed by Irving Cummings . The screenplay by Patterson McNutt and Arthur J. Beckhard focuses on the adoption of a young orphan -LRB- Shirley Temple -RRB- by a wealthy bachelor -LRB- John Boles -RRB- and his romantic attraction to her older sister -LRB- Rochelle Hudson -RRB- .   Together with The Littlest Rebel , another Temple vehicle , the film was listed as one of the top box office draws of 1935 by Variety . The film 's musical numbers include `` Animal Crackers in My Soup '' and `` When I Grow Up '' .   This film was the first of four films that Shirley Temple and Arthur Treacher cooperated in ; others were Stowaway -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , Heidi -LRB- 1937 -RRB- and The Little Princess -LRB- 1939 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Edgar Allan Poe was a horse.", "evidence": "Edgar Allan Poe -LRB- -LSB- po\u028a -RSB- born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 -- October 7 , 1849 -RRB- was an American writer , editor , and literary critic . Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories , particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre . He is widely regarded as a central figure of Romanticism in the United States and American literature as a whole , and he was one of the country 's earliest practitioners of the short story . Poe is generally considered the inventor of the detective fiction genre and is further credited with contributing to the emerging genre of science fiction . He was the first well-known American writer to try to earn a living through writing alone , resulting in a financially difficult life and career .   Poe was born in Boston , the second child of two actors . His father abandoned the family in 1810 , and his mother died the following year . Thus orphaned , the child was taken in by John and Frances Allan of Richmond , Virginia . They never formally adopted him , but Poe was with them well into young adulthood . Tension developed later as John Allan and Edgar repeatedly clashed over debts , including those incurred by gambling , and the cost of secondary education for the young man . Poe attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money . Poe quarreled with Allan over the funds for his education and enlisted in the Army in 1827 under an assumed name . It was at this time that his publishing career began , albeit humbly , with the anonymous collection of poems Tamerlane and Other Poems -LRB- 1827 -RRB- , credited only to `` a Bostonian '' . With the death of Frances Allan in 1829 , Poe and Allan reached a temporary rapprochement . However , Poe later failed as an officer cadet at West Point , declaring a firm wish to be a poet and writer , and he ultimately parted ways with John Allan .   Poe switched his focus to prose and spent the next several years working for literary journals and periodicals , becoming known for his own style of literary criticism . His work forced him to move among several cities , including Baltimore , Philadelphia , and New York City . In Richmond in 1836 , he married Virginia Clemm , his 13-year-old cousin . In January 1845 , Poe published his poem `` The Raven '' to instant success . His wife died of tuberculosis two years after its publication . For years , he had been planning to produce his own journal The Penn -LRB- later renamed The Stylus -RRB- , though he died before it could be produced . Poe died in Baltimore on October 7 , 1849 , at age 40 ; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol , brain congestion , cholera , drugs , heart disease , rabies , suicide , tuberculosis , and other agents .   Poe and his works influenced literature in the United States and around the world , as well as in specialized fields such as cosmology and cryptography . Poe and his work appear throughout popular culture in literature , music , films , and television . A number of his homes are dedicated museums today . The Mystery Writers of America present an annual award known as the Edgar Award for distinguished work in the mystery genre .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Danny DeVito received an Academy Award nomination.", "evidence": "Daniel Michael DeVito , Jr. -LRB- born November 17 , 1944 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , director and producer . He gained prominence for his portrayal of the taxi dispatcher Louie De Palma in the television series Taxi -LRB- 1978 -- 1983 -RRB- , which won him a Golden Globe and an Emmy .   A major film star , he is known for his roles in Tin Men , Throw Momma from the Train , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , Ruthless People , Man on the Moon , Terms of Endearment , Romancing the Stone , Twins , Batman Returns , Look Who 's Talking Now , Big Fish , Other People 's Money , Get Shorty , Be Cool , and L.A. Confidential and for his voiceover in such films as Space Jam , Hercules and The Lorax .   DeVito and Michael Shamberg founded Jersey Films . Soon afterwards , Stacey Sher became an equal partner . The production company is known for films such as Pulp Fiction , Garden State , and Freedom Writers . DeVito also owns Jersey Television , which produced the Comedy Central series Reno 911 ! . DeVito and wife Rhea Perlman starred together in his 1996 film Matilda , based on Roald Dahl 's children 's novel . DeVito was also one of the producers nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture for Erin Brockovich .   He currently stars as Frank Reynolds on the FX and FXX sitcom It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia . He directs , produces and appears in graphic , short , horror films for his Internet venture The Blood Factory .   DeVito 's short stature is the result of multiple epiphyseal dysplasia -LRB- Fairbank 's disease -RRB- , a rare genetic disorder that affects bone growth in those afflicted .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "PageRank was named after someone.", "evidence": "PageRank -LRB- PR -RRB- is an algorithm used by Google Search to rank websites in their search engine results . PageRank was named after Larry Page , one of the founders of Google . PageRank is a way of measuring the importance of website pages . According to Google : It is not the only algorithm used by Google to order search engine results , but it is the first algorithm that was used by the company , and it is the best-known .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Morena Baccarin received a nomination.", "evidence": "Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin -LRB- -LSB- mo\u02c8\u027een\u0250 \u02c8baka\u027e\u0129 -RSB- ; born June 2 , 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian American actress . She is known for portraying Inara Serra in the series Firefly and the follow-up film Serenity , Adria in the series Stargate SG-1 and the follow-up film Stargate : The Ark of Truth , Anna in the 2009 version of the series V , Vanessa in the superhero comedy film Deadpool , and Jessica Brody in the Showtime series Homeland -LRB- for which she received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 -RRB- . She plays the role of Dr. Leslie Thompkins in the Fox television series Gotham .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jeffrey Dahmer committed murders in Wisconsin.", "evidence": "Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer -LRB- May 21 , 1960 -- November 28 , 1994 -RRB- , also known as the Milwaukee Cannibal , was an American serial killer and sex offender , who committed the rape , murder , and dismemberment of seventeen men and boys between 1978 and 1991 . Many of his later murders involved necrophilia , cannibalism , and the permanent preservation of body parts -- typically all or part of the skeletal structure .   Although diagnosed with borderline personality disorder , schizotypal personality disorder , and a psychotic disorder , Dahmer was found to be legally sane at his trial . Convicted of fifteen of the sixteen murders he had committed in Wisconsin , Dahmer was sentenced to fifteen terms of life imprisonment on February 15 , 1992 . He was later sentenced to a sixteenth term of life imprisonment for an additional homicide committed in Ohio in 1978 .   On November 28 , 1994 , Dahmer was beaten to death by Christopher Scarver , a fellow inmate at the Columbia Correctional Institution .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Naomi Scott played Darth Maul in Lemonade Mouth.", "evidence": "Naomi Grace Scott -LRB- born 6 May 1993 -RRB- is an English actress and singer . She is known for starring as Kimberly Hart , the Pink Ranger , in the 2017 Power Rangers movie and co-starring as Maddy Shannon in the science-fiction drama series Terra Nova . Scott also starred as Mohini `` Mo '' Banjaree in the Disney Channel original movie Lemonade Mouth , and as Megan in TV series Life Bites .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Minnesota Vikings is a National Football League team.", "evidence": "The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . The Vikings joined the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as an expansion team in 1960 , and first took the field for the 1961 season . The team competes in the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- North division ; before that , the Vikings were in the NFC Central , and before that they were in the NFL 's Western Conference Central Division . The team has played in four Super Bowl games , but lost each one . The team plays its home games at U.S. Bank Stadium in the Downtown East section of Minneapolis .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "L.A. Law is a television series that categorizes as a legal drama.", "evidence": "L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .   Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher , it contained many of Bochco 's trademark features including an ensemble cast , large number of parallel storylines , social drama , and off-the-wall humor . It reflected the social and cultural ideologies of the 1980s and early 1990s , and many of the cases featured on the show dealt with hot-topic issues such as capital punishment , abortion , racism , gay rights , homophobia , sexual harassment , AIDS , and domestic violence . The series often also reflected social tensions between the wealthy senior lawyer protagonists and their less well-paid junior staff .   In addition to its main cast , L.A. Law was also well known for featuring then relatively unknown actors and actresses in guest starring roles , who later went on to greater success in film and television including : Don Cheadle , Jeffrey Tambor , Kathy Bates , David Schwimmer , Jay O. Sanders , James Avery , Gates McFadden , Bryan Cranston , C.C.H. Pounder , Kevin Spacey , Richard Schiff , Carrie-Anne Moss , William H. Macy , Stephen Root , Christian Slater , and Lucy Liu . Several episodes of the show also included celebrities such as Vanna White , Buddy Hackett and Mamie Van Doren appearing as themselves in cameo roles .   The show was popular with audiences and critics , and won 15 Emmy Awards throughout its run , four of which were for Outstanding Drama Series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paradise was released in 2012.", "evidence": "Paradise is the third extended play -LRB- EP -RRB- and second major release by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey ; it was released on November 9 , 2012 by Universal Music . It is additionally packaged with the reissue of her second studio album Born to Die -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , titled Born to Die : The Paradise Edition . Del Rey enlisted collaborators including producers Rick Nowels , Justin Parker , and Rick Rubin .   Upon its release , Paradise received generally favorable reviews from music critics . The extended play debuted at number 10 on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 67,000 copies . It also debuted at number 10 on the Canadian Albums Chart and peaked within the top-five of various other Billboard charts . Charting across Europe , the extended play became a top-ten hit in Flanders and Poland , charting within the top twenty in Wallonia and the Netherlands .   The EP 's lead single was the ballad `` Ride '' which became a modest hit in the United States , Switzerland , Ireland , and France and reached the top ten in Russia . `` Blue Velvet '' , a cover of the popular 1950s track , and `` Burning Desire '' were released as promotional singles . Music videos for `` Ride '' , `` Blue Velvet '' , `` Bel Air '' , and `` Burning Desire '' were posted to Vevo and YouTube to help promote the EP .   In December 2013 , Del Rey released the Anthony Mandler-directed Tropico , a short film that includes the songs `` Body Electric '' , `` Gods & Monsters '' , and `` Bel Air '' . That same month , an EP of the same name was made available for purchase on iTunes , containing the film along with the three aforementioned songs . In 2014 , the EP was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dirt was produced by ABC studios and Coquette Productions.", "evidence": "Dirt -LRB- styled d!rt for logos -RRB- is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network . It premiered on January 2 , 2007 and starred Courteney Cox as Lucy Spiller , the editor-in-chief of the first-of-its-kind `` glossy tabloid '' magazine DirtNow , which was previously two separate publications : dirt -LRB- a tabloid -RRB- and Now -LRB- a glossy magazine with a more respectable reputation -RRB- .   A 13-episode second and final season was announced on May 8 , 2007 . Only seven episodes were produced prior to the 2007 WGA strike shut down production . The shortened second season began airing on March 2 , 2008 .   The show was created by Matthew Carnahan and produced by Coquette Productions and ABC Studios .   On June 8 , 2008 , FX canceled the series after two seasons .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Arsenic and Old Lace had its release delayed by 3 months.", "evidence": "Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 American dark comedy film directed by Frank Capra , starring Cary Grant , and based on Joseph Kesselring 's play Arsenic and Old Lace . The script adaptation was by Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein . Capra actually filmed the movie in 1941 because of star Cary Grant 's availability , but it was not released until 1944 , after the original stage version had finished its run on Broadway . The lead role of Mortimer Brewster was originally intended for Bob Hope , but he could not be released from his contract with Paramount . Capra had also approached Jack Benny and Ronald Reagan before learning that Grant would accept the role . Boris Karloff played Jonathan Brewster , who `` looks like Karloff , '' on the Broadway stage , but he was unable to do the movie as well because he was still appearing in the play during filming , and Raymond Massey took his place . The film 's supporting cast also features Priscilla Lane , Jack Carson , Edward Everett Horton and Peter Lorre .   Josephine Hull and Jean Adair portray the Brewster sisters , Abby and Martha , respectively . Hull and Adair , as well as John Alexander -LRB- who played Teddy Brewster -RRB- , were reprising their roles from the 1941 stage production . Hull and Adair both received an eight-week leave of absence from the stage production that was still running , but Karloff did not as he was an investor in the stage production and its main draw . The entire film was shot within those eight weeks . The film cost just over $ 1.2 million of a $ 2 million budget to produce .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Belko Experiment is an American horror film released in 2016.", "evidence": "The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn . The film stars John Gallagher Jr. , Tony Goldwyn , Adria Arjona and Melonie Diaz . Filming began on June 1 , 2015 , in Bogot\u00e1 , Colombia . The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures . The film received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed $ 10 million worldwide , against its $ 5 million budget .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Psychology has been disqualified from being a social science.", "evidence": "Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought . It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .   In this field , a professional practitioner or researcher is called a psychologist and can be classified as a social , behavioral , or cognitive scientist . Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior , while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors .   Psychologists explore behavior and mental processes , including perception , cognition , attention , emotion -LRB- affect -RRB- , intelligence , phenomenology , motivation -LRB- conation -RRB- , brain functioning , and personality . This extends to interaction between people , such as interpersonal relationships , including psychological resilience , family resilience , and other areas . Psychologists of diverse orientations also consider the unconscious mind . Psychologists employ empirical methods to infer causal and correlational relationships between psychosocial variables . In addition , or in opposition , to employing empirical and deductive methods , some -- especially clinical and counseling psychologists -- at times rely upon symbolic interpretation and other inductive techniques . Psychology has been described as a `` hub science '' , with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences , natural sciences , medicine , humanities , and philosophy .   While psychological knowledge is often applied to the assessment and treatment of mental health problems , it is also directed towards understanding and solving problems in several spheres of human activity . By many accounts psychology ultimately aims to benefit society . The majority of psychologists are involved in some kind of therapeutic role , practicing in clinical , counseling , or school settings . Many do scientific research on a wide range of topics related to mental processes and behavior , and typically work in university psychology departments or teach in other academic settings -LRB- e.g. , medical schools , hospitals -RRB- . Some are employed in industrial and organizational settings , or in other areas such as human development and aging , sports , health , and the media , as well as in forensic investigation and other aspects of law .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Apple was founded in 1979.", "evidence": "Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services . The company 's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone , the iPad tablet computer , the Mac personal computer , the iPod portable media player , the Apple Watch smartwatch , and the Apple TV digital media player . Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites . Its online services include the iTunes Store , the iOS App Store and Mac App Store , Apple Music , and iCloud .   Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers . It was incorporated as Apple Computer , Inc. in January 1977 , and sales of its computers saw significant momentum and revenue growth for the company . Within a few years , they had hired a staff of computer designers and had a production line . Apple went public in 1980 to instant financial success . Over the next few years , Apple shipped new computers featuring innovative graphical user interfaces , and Apple 's marketing commercials for its products received widespread critical acclaim . However , the high price tag of its products and limited software titles caused problems , as did power struggles between executives at the company . Jobs resigned from Apple and created his own company . As the market for personal computers increased , Apple 's computers saw diminishing sales due to lower-priced products from competitors , in particular those offered with the Microsoft Windows operating system . More executive job shuffles happened at Apple until then-CEO Gil Amelio in 1997 decided to buy Jobs ' company to bring him back . Jobs regained position as CEO , and began a process to rebuild Apple 's status , which included opening Apple 's own retail stores in 2001 , making numerous acquisitions of software companies to create a portfolio of software titles , and changed some of the hardware technology used in its computers . It again saw success and returned to profitability . In January 2007 , Jobs announced that Apple Computer , Inc. would be renamed Apple Inc. to reflect its shifted focus toward consumer electronics , and announced the iPhone , which saw critical acclaim and significant financial success . In August 2011 , Jobs resigned as CEO due to health complications , and Tim Cook became the new CEO . Two months later , Jobs died , marking the end of an era for the company .   Apple is the world 's largest information technology company by revenue , and the world 's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer after Samsung . In February 2015 , Apple became the first U.S. company to be valued at over US$ 700billion . The company employs 116,000 full-time employees and maintains 496 retail stores in 21 countries . It operates the iTunes Store , which is the world 's largest music retailer . , more than one billion Apple products are actively in use worldwide .   Apple 's worldwide annual revenue totaled $ 215billion for the 2016 fiscal year . The company enjoys a high level of brand loyalty and has been repeatedly ranked as the world 's most valuable brand . However , it receives significant criticism regarding the labor practices of its contractors and its environmental and business practices , including the origins of source materials .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Moscow is a city in Russia.", "evidence": "Moscow is the capital and most populous city of Russia , with 13.2 million residents within the city limits and 17.8 million within the urban area . Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city .   Moscow is a major political , economic , cultural , and scientific centre of Russia and Eastern Europe , as well as the largest city entirely on the European continent . By broader definitions Moscow is among the world 's largest cities , being the 14th largest metro area , the 18th largest agglomeration , the 15th largest urban area , and the 11th largest by population within city limits worldwide . According to Forbes 2013 , Moscow has been ranked as the ninth most expensive city in the world by Mercer and has one of the world 's largest urban economies , being ranked as an alpha global city according to the Globalization and World Cities Research Network , and is also one of the fastest growing tourist destinations in the world according to the MasterCard Global Destination Cities Index . Moscow is the northernmost and coldest megacity and metropolis on Earth . It is home to the Ostankino Tower , the tallest free standing structure in Europe ; the Federation Tower , the tallest skyscraper in Europe ; and the Moscow International Business Center . By its territorial expansion on July 1 , 2012 southwest into the Moscow Oblast , the area of the capital more than doubled , going from 1091 to , and it gained an additional population of 233,000 people .  Moscow is situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia , making it the world 's most populated inland city . The city is well known for its architecture , particularly its historic buildings such as Saint Basil 's Cathedral with its brightly coloured domes . With over 40 percent of its territory covered by greenery , it is one of the greenest capitals and major cities in Europe and the world , having the largest forest in an urban area within its borders -- more than any other major city -- even before its expansion in 2012 .  The city has served as the capital of a progression of states , from the medieval Grand Duchy of Moscow and the subsequent Tsardom of Russia to the Russian Empire to the Soviet Union and the contemporary Russian Federation . Moscow is considered the centre of Russian culture , having served as the home of Russian artists , scientists and sports figures and because of the presence of museums , academic and political institutions and theatres .   Moscow is the seat of power of the Government of Russia , being the site of the Moscow Kremlin , a medieval city-fortress that is today the residence for work of the President of Russia . The Moscow Kremlin and Red Square are also one of several World Heritage Sites in the city . Both chambers of the Russian parliament -LRB- the State Duma and the Federation Council -RRB- also sit in the city .   The city is served by a transit network , which includes four international airports , nine railway terminals , numerous trams , a monorail system and one of the deepest underground rapid transit systems in the world , the Moscow Metro , the fourth-largest in the world and largest outside of Asia in terms of passenger numbers , and the busiest in Europe . It is recognised as one of the city 's landmarks due to the rich architecture of its 200 stations .   Moscow has acquired a number of epithets , most referring to its size and preeminent status within the nation : The Third Rome , The Whitestone One , The First Throne , The Forty Forties , and The Hero City . In old Russian the word '' \u0421\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043a '' -LRB- forty -RRB- also meant a church administrative district , which consisted of about forty churches . The demonym for a Moscow resident is '' \u043c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0438\u0447 '' -LRB- moskvich -RRB- for male or '' \u043c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0438\u0447\u043a\u0430 '' -LRB- moskvichka -RRB- for female , rendered in English as Muscovite .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The term cult film was first used in the 1970s.", "evidence": "A cult film , also commonly referred to as a cult classic , is a film that has acquired a cult following . Cult films are known for their dedicated , passionate fanbase , an elaborate subculture that engage in repeated viewings , quoting dialogue , and audience participation . Inclusive definitions allow for major studio productions , especially box office bombs , while exclusive definitions focus more on obscure , transgressive films shunned by the mainstream . The difficulty in defining the term and subjectivity of what qualifies as a cult film mirror classificatory disputes about art . The term cult film itself was first used in the 1970s to describe the culture that surrounded underground films and midnight movies , though cult was in common use in film analysis for decades prior to that .   Cult films trace their origin back to controversial and suppressed films kept alive by dedicated fans . In some cases , reclaimed or rediscovered films have acquired cult followings decades after their original release , occasionally for their camp value . Other cult films have since become well-respected or reassessed as classics ; there is debate as to whether these popular and accepted films are still cult films . After failing in the cinema , some cult films have become regular fixtures on cable television or profitable sellers on home video . Others have inspired their own film festivals . Cult films can both appeal to specific subcultures and form their own subcultures . Other media that reference cult films can easily identify which demographics they desire to attract and offer savvy fans an opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge .   Cult films frequently break cultural taboos , and many feature excessive displays of violence , gore , sexuality , profanity , or combinations thereof . This can lead to controversy , censorship , and outright bans ; less transgressive films may attract similar amounts of controversy when critics call them frivolous or incompetent . Films that fail to attract requisite amounts of controversy may face resistance when labeled as cult films . Mainstream films and big budget blockbusters have attracted cult followings similar to more underground and lesser known films ; fans of these films often emphasize the films ' niche appeal and reject the more popular aspects . Fans who like the films for the wrong reasons , such as perceived elements that represent mainstream appeal and marketing , will often be ostracized or ridiculed . Likewise , fans who stray from accepted subcultural scripts may experience similar rejection .   Since the late 1970s , cult films have become increasingly popular . Films that once would have been limited to obscure cult followings are now capable of breaking into the mainstream , and showings of cult films have proved to be a profitable business venture . Overbroad usage of the term has resulted in controversy , as purists state it has become a meaningless descriptor applied to any film that is the slightest bit weird or unconventional ; others accuse Hollywood studios of trying to artificially create cult films or use the term as a marketing tactic . Films are frequently stated to be an `` instant cult classic '' now , occasionally before they are released . Fickle fans on the Internet have latched on to unreleased films only to abandon them later on release . At the same time , other films have acquired massive , quick cult followings , thanks to spreading virally through social media . Easy access to cult films via video on demand and peer-to-peer file sharing has led some critics to pronounce the death of cult films .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The September 11 attacks caused at least $10 billion in property damage.", "evidence": "The September 11 attacks -LRB- also referred to as 9/11 -RRB- The expression `` 9/11 '' is pronounced `` nine eleven '' . The slash is not part of the pronunciation . The name is frequently used in British English as well as in American English , even though the dating conventions differ . were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda on the United States on the morning of Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 . The attacks killed 2,996 people , injured over 6,000 others , and caused at least $ 10 billion in property and infrastructure damage .   Four passenger airliners operated by two major U.S. passenger air carriers -LRB- United Airlines and American Airlines -RRB- -- all of which departed from airports in the northeastern United States bound for California -- were hijacked by 19 al-Qaeda terrorists . Two of the planes , American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 , were crashed into the North and South towers , respectively , of the World Trade Center complex in New York City . Within an hour and 42 minutes , both 110-story towers collapsed , with debris and the resulting fires causing partial or complete collapse of all other buildings in the World Trade Center complex , including the 47-story 7 World Trade Center tower , as well as significant damage to ten other large surrounding structures . A third plane , American Airlines Flight 77 , was crashed into the Pentagon -LRB- the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense -RRB- in Arlington County , Virginia , leading to a partial collapse of the building 's western side . The fourth plane , United Airlines Flight 93 , initially was steered toward Washington , D.C. , but crashed into a field in Stonycreek Township near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , after its passengers tried to overcome the hijackers . It was the deadliest incident for firefighters and law enforcement officers in the history of the United States , with 343 and 72 killed respectively .   Suspicion for the attack quickly fell on al-Qaeda . The United States responded to the attacks by launching the War on Terror and invading Afghanistan to depose the Taliban , which had harbored al-Qaeda . Many countries strengthened their anti-terrorism legislation and expanded the powers of law enforcement and intelligence agencies to prevent terrorist attacks . Although al-Qaeda 's leader , Osama bin Laden , initially denied any involvement , in 2004 he claimed responsibility for the attacks . Al-Qaeda and bin Laden cited U.S. support of Israel , the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , and sanctions against Iraq as motives . Having evaded capture for almost a decade , bin Laden was located and killed by SEAL Team Six of the U.S. Navy in May 2011 .   The destruction of the World Trade Center and nearby infrastructure caused serious damage to the economy of Lower Manhattan and had a significant effect on global markets , closing Wall Street until September 17 and the civilian airspace in the U.S. and Canada until September 13 . Many closings , evacuations , and cancellations followed , out of respect or fear of further attacks . Cleanup of the World Trade Center site was completed in May 2002 , and the Pentagon was repaired within a year . On November 18 , 2006 , construction of One World Trade Center began at the World Trade Center site . The building was officially opened on November 3 , 2014 . Numerous memorials have been constructed , including the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York City , the Pentagon Memorial in Arlington County , Virginia , and the Flight 93 National Memorial in a field in Stonycreek Township near Shanksville , Pennsylvania .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The second longest of Shakespeare's plays after Hamlet is Richard III.", "evidence": "Richard III is a historical play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written in approximately 1592 . It depicts the Machiavellian rise to power and subsequent short reign of King Richard III of England . The play is grouped among the histories in the First Folio and is most often classified as such . Occasionally , however , as in the quarto edition , it is termed a tragedy . Richard III concludes Shakespeare 's first tetralogy -LRB- also containing Henry VI parts 1 -- 3 -RRB- .   It is the second longest play in the canon after Hamlet , and is the longest of the First Folio , whose version of Hamlet is shorter than its Quarto counterpart . The play is rarely performed unabridged ; often , certain peripheral characters are removed entirely . In such instances extra lines are often invented or added from elsewhere in the sequence to establish the nature of characters ' relationships . A further reason for abridgment is that Shakespeare assumed that his audiences would be familiar with the Henry VI plays , and frequently made indirect references to events in them , such as Richard 's murder of Henry VI or the defeat of Henry 's queen , Margaret .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kathy Bates was born on June 28, 1948.", "evidence": "Kathleen Doyle Bates -LRB- born June 28 , 1948 -RRB- is an American actress . Bates began her career on the stage , and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lead Actress in a Play in 1983 for her performance in ` night , Mother . She rose to prominence with her performance in Misery -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress . She followed this with major roles in Fried Green Tomatoes -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and Dolores Claiborne -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , before playing a featured role as Molly Brown in Titanic -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , which was at the time the highest grossing film of all time .   Bates ' television work has resulted in 14 Emmy Award nominations , two of which were for her starring role on the television series Harry 's Law , and most recently a win for her highly praised appearance in the third season of FX horror-thriller series American Horror Story , where she portrayed the real life socialite Madame Marie Delphine LaLaurie . She won another Emmy Award in 2012 for her portrayal as the ghost of Charlie Harper on CBS comedy series Two and a Half Men , a role formerly portrayed by Charlie Sheen .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Joseph Barbera was an American director.", "evidence": "Joseph Roland `` Joe '' Barbera -LRB- -LSB- b\u0251r\u02c8b\u025br\u0259 -RSB- or -LSB- \u02c8b\u0251rb\u0259r\u0259 -RSB- ; -LSB- bar\u02c8b\u025b\u02d0ra -RSB- ; March 24 , 1911 -- December 18 , 2006 -RRB- was an American animator , director , producer , storyboard artist , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the 20th century .   Through his young adult years , Barbera lived , attended college , and began his career in New York City . After working odd jobs and as a banker , Barbera joined Van Beuren Studios in 1932 and subsequently Terrytoons in 1936 . In 1937 , he moved to California and while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer -LRB- MGM -RRB- , Barbera met William Hanna . The two men began a collaboration that was at first best known for producing Tom and Jerry and live action/animated hybrid films . In 1957 , after MGM dissolved their animation department , they co-founded Hanna-Barbera , which became the most successful television animation studio in the business , producing programs such as The Flintstones , Yogi Bear , Scooby-Doo , Top Cat , The Smurfs , Huckleberry Hound and The Jetsons . In 1967 , Hanna-Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $ 12 million , but Hanna and Barbera remained heads of the company until 1991 . At that time , the studio was sold to Turner Broadcasting System , which in turn was merged with Time Warner , owners of Warner Bros. , in 1996 ; Hanna and Barbera stayed on as advisors .   Hanna and Barbera won seven Academy Awards and eight Emmy Awards . Their cartoon shows have become cultural icons , and their cartoon characters have appeared in other media such as films , books , and toys . Hanna-Barbera 's shows had a worldwide audience of over 300 million people in the 1960s and have been translated into more than 20 languages .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Penny Dreadful started in 2017.", "evidence": "Penny Dreadful is a British-American horror drama television series created for Showtime and Sky by John Logan , who also acts as executive producer alongside Sam Mendes . The show was originally pitched to several US and UK channels , and eventually landed with Showtime , with Sky Atlantic as co-producer . It premiered at the South by Southwest film festival on March 9 and began airing on television on April 28 , 2014 , on Showtime on Demand . The series premiered on Showtime on May 11 , 2014 , the first in an eight-episode season . After the third-season finale on June 19 , 2016 , series creator John Logan announced that Penny Dreadful had ended as the main story had reached its conclusion .   The title refers to the penny dreadfuls , a type of 19th-century British fiction publication with lurid and sensational subject matter . The series draws upon many public domain characters from 19th-century British and Irish fiction , including Dorian Gray from Oscar Wilde 's The Picture of Dorian Gray ; Mina Harker , Abraham Van Helsing , Dr. Seward , Renfield , and Count Dracula from Bram Stoker 's Dracula ; Victor Frankenstein and his monster from Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein ; and Dr. Henry Jekyll from Robert Louis Stevenson 's Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "There is a video game called Overwatch (video game).", "evidence": "Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Lion King was released before 2000.", "evidence": "The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film , produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film . The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare 's Hamlet . The film was produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance . The Lion King was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff , produced by Don Hahn , and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts , and Linda Woolverton . Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice , and original scores were written by Hans Zimmer . The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick , James Earl Jones , Jeremy Irons , Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Moira Kelly , Nathan Lane , Ernie Sabella , Rowan Atkinson , Robert Guillaume , Madge Sinclair , Whoopi Goldberg , Cheech Marin , and Jim Cummings .   The Lion King tells the story of Simba , a young lion who is to succeed his father , Mufasa , as King of the Pride Lands ; however , after Simba 's uncle Scar murders Mufasa , Simba is manipulated into thinking he was responsible and flees into exile . Upon maturation living with two wastrels , Simba is given some valuable perspective from his childhood friend , Nala , and his shaman , Rafiki , before returning to challenge Scar to end his tyranny and take his place in the Circle of Life as the rightful King .   Development of The Lion King began in 1988 during a meeting between Jeffrey Katzenberg , Roy E. Disney , and Peter Schneider while promoting Oliver & Company in Europe . Thomas Disch wrote a film treatment , and Woolverton developed the first scripts while George Scribner was signed on as director , being later joined by Allers . Production began in 1991 concurrently with Pocahontas , which wound up attracting most of Disney 's top animators . Some time after the staff traveled to Hell 's Gate National Park in Kenya to research on the film 's setting and animals , Scribner left production disagreeing with the decision to turn the film into a musical and was replaced by Minkoff . When Hahn joined the project , he was dissatisfied with the script and the story was promptly rewritten . Nearly 20 minutes of animation sequences were produced at Disney-MGM Studios in Florida . Computer animation was also used in several scenes , most notably in the wildebeest stampede sequence .   The Lion King was released on June 15 , 1994 , to a positive reaction from critics , who praised the film for its music , story , and animation ; it finished its theatrical run as the highest-grossing release of 1994 and the second highest-grossing film of all time . The Lion King garnered two Academy Awards for its achievement in music and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy . The film has led to many derived works , such as a Broadway adaptation ; two direct-to-video follow-ups -- the sequel , The Lion King II : Simba 's Pride -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and the prequel/parallel , The Lion King 1 1/2 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -- ; two television series , Timon and Pumbaa and The Lion Guard ; and a 3D re-release , in 2011 .   In 2016 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .   A CGI live-action remake of the film is scheduled for a July 19 , 2019 release in the United States .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Before We Go was previously titled Fury.", "evidence": "Before We Go -LRB- previously titled 1:30 Train -RRB- is a 2014 American independent romantic drama film directed by Chris Evans in his directorial debut , and starring Evans , Alice Eve and Mark Kassen . The film had its world premiere in the special presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival . The film was released on video on demand on July 21 , 2015 , and had a limited release on September 4 , 2015 in the United States by Radius-TWC .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Stevie Nicks released an album that reached platinum status.", "evidence": "Stephanie Lynn `` Stevie '' Nicks -LRB- born May 26 , 1948 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter who is often regarded as the Queen of Rock n ' Roll .   Nicks is best known for her work as the front-woman of Fleetwood Mac and for her chart-topping solo career . She is known for her distinctive voice , mystical visual style , and symbolic lyrics . Collectively , her work both as a member of Fleetwood Mac and as a solo artist has produced over 40 top-50 hits and sold over 140 million records , making her one of the best selling music acts of all time with Fleetwood Mac .   Her influence in fashion , music and musical performance is widely acknowledged ; and as such , she has been named one of music 's top 55 `` Greatest Songwriters of All Time '' , and as one of the world 's top `` 100 Greatest Singers of All Time '' by Rolling Stone . As a member of Fleetwood Mac , she was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998 . She has garnered eight Grammy Award nominations and two American Music Award nominations as a solo artist . She has won numerous awards with Fleetwood Mac , including a Grammy Award and five Grammy Award nominations .   Nicks joined Fleetwood Mac in 1975 along with her then boyfriend , Lindsey Buckingham . Rumours , Fleetwood Mac 's second album after the incorporation of Nicks and Buckingham , was the best-selling album of the year of its release , and to date , has made sales of over 40 million copies worldwide , making it the fifth-highest selling studio album of all time . The album remained at number one on the American albums chart for 31 weeks and reached Number One in various countries worldwide . The album won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1978 . it produced four U.S. top-10 singles , with Nicks ' `` Dreams '' being the band 's first and only U.S. number-one hit .   In 1981 , while remaining a member of Fleetwood Mac , Nicks began her solo career , releasing the album Bella Donna , which topped the Billboard album charts and reached platinum status less than three months after its release , and has since been certified quadruple-platinum . She has released a total of eight solo studio albums to date , with her most recent titled 24 Karat Gold : Songs from the Vault , released in October 2014 . During her solo career , she has had a close working relationship with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers . They served as a backing band for several tracks on each of her solo albums , and the two have toured and performed together frequently over the past three decades . The song `` Stop Draggin ' My Heart Around '' , performed by Nicks and Petty , was one of the biggest hits for either artist .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Overwatch's playable characters are categorized into four groups.", "evidence": "Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Andrew Wood died in 1977.", "evidence": "Andrew Patrick Wood -LRB- January 8 , 1966 -- March 19 , 1990 -RRB- was an American musician best known as the lead singer for alternative rock bands Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone . Wood was also known for his flamboyance .   Wood formed Malfunkshun in 1980 with his brother Kevin and Regan Hagar . The band used alter ego personas onstage , with Wood using the name Landrew the Love Child . Though the band only had two songs released , `` With Yo ' Heart -LRB- Not Yo ' Hands -RRB- '' and `` Stars-n-You '' , on the Deep Six compilation album , they are often cited as being among the `` founding fathers '' of the Seattle 's grunge movement . During his time in Malfunkshun , Wood started relying heavily on drugs , entering rehab in 1985 .   By 1988 , Malfunkshun had disbanded and Wood began jamming with Green River members Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament . They soon began writing original material and formed Mother Love Bone the same year , adding guitarist Bruce Fairweather -LRB- also a former member of Green River -RRB- and drummer Greg Gilmore to the lineup . The following year , the band signed a deal with PolyGram , issuing a six-song EP , Shine , before going on to tour , supporting The Dogs D'Amour . Towards the end of the year , the band recorded their debut album , Apple , which was scheduled for release in 1990 .   Due to his struggle with drug addiction , Wood checked himself into rehab in 1989 , hoping to get clean for the release of Mother Love Bone 's debut album . On March 16 , 1990 , Wood was found in a comatose state by his girlfriend , Xana La Fuente , having overdosed on heroin . Wood was taken to the hospital and placed on life support . Wood 's condition had shown signs of improvement but he died three days later .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "James McAvoy starred in Children of Dune.", "evidence": "James McAvoy -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u00e6k\u0259v\u0254\u026a -RSB- born 21 April 1979 -RRB- is a Scottish actor . He made his acting d\u00e9but as a teen in 1995 's The Near Room and continued to make mostly television appearances until 2003 , when his feature film career began and he continued to work in both areas from then on . His notable television work includes the drama show State of Play , the adult comedy-drama Shameless , and the science fiction show Frank Herbert 's Children of Dune .   Besides screen acting , McAvoy has performed in several West End productions , receiving three nominations for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor . He has also done voice work for animated films including Gnomeo & Juliet and Arthur Christmas -LRB- both 2011 -RRB- .   In 2003 , McAvoy appeared in a lead role in Bollywood Queen , a British Indian take on the Shakespeare play Romeo and Juliet , directed by Jeremy Wooding . This was followed by a supporting role , the faun Mr. Tumnus , in The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . His performance in Kevin Macdonald 's drama The Last King of Scotland -LRB- 2006 -RRB- garnered him several award nominations . The critically acclaimed romantic drama war film Atonement -LRB- 2007 -RRB- earned him a Golden Globe Award nomination and his second BAFTA nomination . He appeared opposite Angelina Jolie as a newly trained assassin in the action thriller Wanted -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .   Since then , he is known for playing the young Professor Charles Xavier in the 2011 superhero film X-Men : First Class , a role he reprised in X-Men : Days of Future Past -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and X-Men : Apocalypse -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . McAvoy starred in the 2013 crime comedy-drama film Filth for which he won Best Actor in the British Independent Film Awards . In 2016 , he portrayed Kevin , a man with 23 personalities in his body , in M. Night Shyamalan 's Split , for which he received critical acclaim .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "John Constantine is a real person.", "evidence": "John Constantine -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u0252nst\u0259nta\u026an -RSB- -RRB- is a fictional antihero , appearing in comic books published by DC Comics and the DC Comics imprint Vertigo . The character first appeared in Swamp Thing Vol . 2 No. 25 -LRB- June 1984 -RRB- , and was created by Alan Moore , Steve Bissette and John Totleben . He serves as the lead character of the comic books Hellblazer -LRB- 1988 -- 2013 -RRB- , Constantine -LRB- 2013 -- 15 -RRB- , Constantine : The Hellblazer -LRB- 2015 -- 16 -RRB- , and The Hellblazer -LRB- 2016 -- -RRB- .   The titular Hellblazer , Constantine is a working class occult detective and con man stationed in London . He is known for his endless cynicism , deadpan snarking , ruthless cunning and constant chain smoking , but is also a passionate humanist driven by a heartfelt desire to do some good in his life . Originally a supporting character who played a pivotal role in the `` American Gothic '' Swamp Thing storyline , Constantine received his own comic in 1988 . Pop artist Sting served as visual inspiration for the character .   A live-action film was released in 2005 entitled Constantine , in which an Americanized version of the character is played by actor Keanu Reeves . Welsh actor Matt Ryan was cast in the role of Constantine for the 2014 NBC television series Constantine , a role he reprised on The CW series Arrow , the animated film Justice League Dark and is set to reprise again in an upcoming animated continuation of his series on CW Seed .   The Hellblazer series was the longest-running and most successful title of DC 's Vertigo imprint . Empire ranked Constantine third in their 50 Greatest Comic Characters of All Time , while IGN ranked him No. 29 in their Top 100 Comic Book Heroes , and the character ranked No. 10 in Wizard '' s Top 200 Comic Book Characters of All Time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Portuguese Empire was one of world history's largest empires.", "evidence": "The Portuguese Empire -LRB- Imp\u00e9rio Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , also known as the Portuguese Overseas -LRB- Ultramar Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance . It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .   The first era of the Portuguese empire originated at the beginning of the Age of Discovery . Initiated by the Kingdom of Portugal , it would eventually expand across the globe . Portuguese sailors began exploring the coast of Africa and the Atlantic archipelagos in 1418 -- 19 , using recent developments in navigation , cartography and maritime technology such as the caravel , in order that they might find a sea route to the source of the lucrative spice trade . In 1488 , Bartolomeu Dias rounded the Cape of Good Hope , and in 1498 , Vasco da Gama reached India . In 1500 , either by an accidental landfall or by the crown 's secret design , Pedro \u00c1lvares Cabral discovered Brazil on the South American coast .   Over the following decades , Portuguese sailors continued to explore the coasts and islands of East Asia , establishing forts and factories as they went . By 1571 , a string of naval outposts connected Lisbon to Nagasaki along the coasts of Africa , the Middle East , India and South Asia . This commercial network and the colonial trade had a substantial positive impact on Portuguese economic growth -LRB- 1500-1800 -RRB- , when it accounted for about a fifth of Portugal 's per capita income .   When Philip II of Spain , I of Portugal , inherited the Portuguese crown in 1580 , this began a 60-year union between Spain and Portugal that has since been given the historiographic term of the Iberian Union . Though the realms continued to be administered separately , the Council of Portugal ruled the country and its empire from Madrid . As the King of Spain was also King of Portugal , Portuguese colonies became the subject of attacks by three rival European powers hostile to Spain : the Dutch Republic , England , and France . With its smaller population , Portugal was unable to effectively defend its overstretched network of trading posts , and the empire began a long and gradual decline . Eventually , Brazil became the most valuable colony of the second era until , as part of the wave of independence movements that swept the Americas during the early 19th century , it broke away in 1822 .   The third era represents the final stage of Portuguese colonialism after the decolonization of the Americas of the 1820s . The colonial possessions had been reduced to the African coastline -LRB- expanded inland during the Scramble for Africa in the late 19th century -RRB- , Portuguese Timor , and enclaves in India -LRB- Goa -RRB- and China -LRB- Macau -RRB- . The disastrous 1890 British Ultimatum led to the contraction of Portuguese ambitions in Africa .   Under Ant\u00f3nio Salazar , the Second Portuguese Republic made some ill-fated attempts to hold on to its last remaining colonies and overseas provinces after the 1961 Indian annexation of Goa , embarking on the Portuguese Colonial War in Africa which lasted until the final overthrow of the regime in the Carnation Revolution of 1974 . Macau was returned to China in 1999 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eddie Vedder is a performer.", "evidence": "Eddie Vedder -LRB- born Edward Louis Severson ; December 23 , 1964 -RRB- is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam , with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists . He is known for his powerful baritone vocals .   He is also involved in making music and contributes to albums by other artists . In 2007 , Vedder released his first solo album as a soundtrack for the film Into the Wild -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . His second album Ukulele Songs and a live DVD titled Water on the Road were released in 2011 .   Vedder was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Pearl Jam on April 7 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kenny Rogers released the album, Kenny in 2005.", "evidence": "Kenneth Ray Rogers -LRB- born August 21 , 1938 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and entrepreneur . He is a member of the Country Music Hall of Fame .   Though he has been most successful with country audiences , Rogers has charted more than 120 hit singles across various music genres , topped the country and pop album charts for more than 200 individual weeks in the United States alone and has sold over 100 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time . On September 25 , 2015 , Rogers announced on NBC 's Today Show that he was retiring from show business after a final tour to spend more time with his wife and twin boys .   Two of his albums , The Gambler and Kenny , are featured in the About.com poll of `` The 200 Most Influential Country Albums Ever '' . He was voted the `` Favorite Singer of All-Time '' in a 1986 joint poll by readers of both USA Today and People . He has received numerous such awards as the AMAs , Grammys , ACMs and CMAs , as well as a lifetime achievement award for a career spanning six decades in 2003 .   Later success includes the 2006 album release , Water & Bridges , an across the board hit , that hit the Top 5 in the Billboard Country Albums sales charts , also charting in the Top 15 of the Billboard 200 . The first single from the album , `` I Ca n't Unlove You , '' was also a sizable chart hit . Remaining a popular entertainer around the world , the following year he completed a tour of the United Kingdom and Ireland , telling BBC Radio 2 DJ Steve Wright his favorite hit was `` The Gambler '' . He has also acted in a variety of movies and television shows , most notably the title roles in Kenny Rogers as The Gambler and the MacShayne series as well as his appearance on The Muppet Show . He is also a co-founder of the restaurant chain Kenny Rogers Roasters .  Kenny is the eighth studio album by Kenny Rogers , released in 1979 . It includes the singles `` Coward of the County '' and `` You Decorated My Life . ''   `` Tulsa Turnaround '' is a reworking of an earlier song Rogers recorded with The First Edition .   `` Goodbye Marie '' was later recorded by Bobby Goldsboro , charting as a single for him in 1981 .   The album reached the top five of the US Billboard album chart and # 1 in the Country charts -LRB- where it stayed for a record total of 25 weeks -RRB- . In the UK , it was a top ten album as well . In 2007 , the album was issued as a two album set on one CD , the other album included on the disc being the self-titled Kenny Rogers from 1976 .   In the sleevenotes for the 2009 reissue on the Edsel record label , biographer Chris Bolton notes that this album `` does its best to represent every musical personality of Kenny Rogers . '' Stephen Thomas Erlewine states that the album mixes music styles from Country to Disco .   This album has reportedly sold over 20 million copies worldwide .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Larry Buttrose wrote Cafe Royale.", "evidence": "Larry Philip Buttrose -LRB- born 16 December 1952 -RRB- is an Australian writer , journalist and academic . He is the ghostwriter of the Saroo Brierley memoir A Long Way Home -LRB- adapted for the screen as the major international feature film Lion -RRB- . He is also the author of the novels The Maze of the Muse and Sweet Sentence , and the travel books The King Neptune Day & Night Club , and Cafe Royale -LRB- also published as The Blue Man -RRB- .   For the stage he co-wrote the hit musical Hot Shoe Shuffle , as well Kurtz , his stage adaptation of Heart of Darkness , and a stage adaptation of Don Quixote . For the screen he co-wrote the feature Gino and the feature documentary Movietone Memories , and is currently working on the screenplay for Hicks , about the life of Australian inmate in Guantanamo , David Hicks . He teaches Screenwriting at New York University 's Sydney campus at The Rocks .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Elementary stars Lucy Liu.", "evidence": "Elementary is an American procedural drama series that presents a contemporary update of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's character Sherlock Holmes . The series was created by Robert Doherty and stars Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson . The series premiered on CBS on September 27 , 2012 . The series is set and filmed primarily in New York City .   The show follows Holmes , a recovering drug addict and former consultant to Scotland Yard , as he assists the New York City Police Department in solving crimes . His indifference to police procedure often leads to conflict with Captain Thomas Gregson -LRB- Aidan Quinn -RRB- , although the two still remain mutually respectful of one another . He is accompanied by Dr. Joan Watson -LRB- Lucy Liu -RRB- , who initially acts as his sober companion . She is a former surgeon and was hired by Sherlock 's father to help him in his rehabilitation . They eventually begin to work together on his cases , and she becomes Holmes ' apprentice . The series also features Holmes ' ongoing conflict with his nemesis Jamie Moriarty -LRB- Natalie Dormer -RRB- . Other supporting roles include Jon Michael Hill as Detective Marcus Bell , Rhys Ifans as Sherlock 's brother , Mycroft Holmes , and John Noble as Sherlock 's father , Morland Holmes .   Before the series premiered , it was met with some criticism given it followed closely on the heels of the BBC 's modern adaptation Sherlock . After the premiere , it was picked up for a full season and later an extra two episodes . The season two premiere was partly filmed on location in London . The series has since been well received by critics , who have praised the performances , writing , and novel approach to the source material . On March 25 , 2016 , CBS renewed the series for a fifth season , which premiered on October 2 , 2016 . On May 13 , 2017 , CBS renewed the series for a sixth season .  Lucy Alexis Liu -LRB- born Lucy Liu ; December 2 , 1968 -RRB- is an American actress , voice actress , director , producer , singer and artist . She became known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series Ally McBeal -LRB- 1998 -- 2002 -RRB- , for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series . Liu 's film work includes starring as one of the heroines in Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , portraying O-Ren Ishii in Kill Bill -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and starring roles in the main casts of Payback -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Chicago -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and the animated film series Kung Fu Panda -LRB- 2008 -- present -RRB- portraying the character Master Viper .   In 2008 , she starred in an ABC comedy-drama , Cashmere Mafia , which ended after one abbreviated season . The show was one of only a few American television shows to have an Asian American series lead . In 2012 , Liu joined the cast of the TNT series Southland in the recurring role of Jessica Tang , for which she won the Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Drama Guest Actress . She is currently co-starring in the Sherlock Holmes -- inspired crime drama series Elementary as Joan Watson for which she won the Seoul International Drama Award for Best Actress , and voicing Silvermist in Disney 's Tinker Bell film series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Farrah Fawcett acted in the romantic comedy Love is a Funny Thing.", "evidence": "Farrah Fawcett -LRB- born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actress and artist . A four-time Emmy Award nominee and six-time Golden Globe Award nominee , Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster -- which became the best selling pin-up poster in history -- and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 1976 -- 1977 -RRB- . In 1996 , she was ranked No. 26 on TV Guide `` 50 Greatest TV stars of All-Time '' .   Fawcett began her career in 1968 in commercials and guest roles on television . During the 1970s , she appeared in numerous television series , including recurring roles on Harry O -LRB- 1974 -- 1976 -RRB- , and The Six Million Dollar Man -LRB- 1974 -- 1978 -RRB- with then husband , film and television star Lee Majors . Her breakthrough role came in 1976 , when she was cast as Jill Munroe in the ABC series Charlie 's Angels , alongside Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith . The show propelled all three to stardom , but especially Fawcett -LRB- then billed as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -RRB- . After appearing in only the first season , Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes . Eventually she signed a contract requiring her to make six guest appearances in the show 's third and fourth seasons -LRB- 1978 -- 1980 -RRB- . For her role in Charlie 's Angels she received her first Golden Globe nomination .   In 1983 , Fawcett received positive reviews for her performance in the Off-Broadway play Extremities . She was subsequently cast in the 1986 film version and received a Golden Globe nomination . She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices . Her 1980s work in TV movies also earned her four additional Golden Globe nominations .   In 1997 , she gained some negative press for a rambling appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman , but also garnered strong reviews for her role in the film The Apostle with Robert Duvall . She continued in numerous TV series , including recurring roles in the sitcom Spin City -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the drama The Guardian -LRB- 2002 -- 2003 -RRB- . For the latter , she received her third Emmy nomination . Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Myra Breckinridge -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Logan 's Run -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , Sunburn -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Saturn 3 -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The Cannonball Run -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Extremities -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The Apostle -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and Dr. T & the Women -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .   Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 ; the 2009 NBC documentary Farrah 's Story chronicled her battle with the disease . She posthumously earned her fourth Emmy nomination for her work as a producer on the documentary .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "X-Men: Days of Future Past is based on the DC Batman comics.", "evidence": "X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics . Directed by Bryan Singer , it is the seventh installment of the X-Men film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand and 2011 's X-Men : First Class . The story , inspired by the 1981 Uncanny X-Men storyline `` Days of Future Past '' by Chris Claremont and John Byrne , focuses on two time periods , with Wolverine traveling back in time to 1973 to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants . The film features an ensemble cast , including Hugh Jackman , James McAvoy , Michael Fassbender , Jennifer Lawrence , Halle Berry , Anna Paquin , Ellen Page , Peter Dinklage , Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart . Simon Kinberg wrote the screenplay from a story conceived by Jane Goldman , himself , and Matthew Vaughn .   Vaughn had directed First Class and was set to return in Days of Future Past before leaving for Kingsman : The Secret Service . Thus Singer , who had directed the first two X-Men films , made his return as a director , and brought along most of the crew from those productions . With a budget of $ 200 million , principal photography began in Montreal , Quebec in April 2013 and concluded in August the same year , with additional filming and pick-ups taking place in November 2013 and February 2014 . Twelve companies handled the visual effects .   X-Men : Days of Future Past premiered in New York City on May 10 , 2014 , and was theatrically released on May 23 . It became the best-reviewed film in the X-Men film series released thus far -LRB- surpassed only by Logan in 2017 -RRB- , being praised for its story , visual effects , action scenes , acting and thematic elements . During its theatrical run , the film earned over $ 747 million worldwide , making it the 6th highest grossing film of 2014 , as well as the second highest-grossing film in the series behind Deadpool . The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects , making it the first X-Men film to be nominated for an Oscar . A sequel , X-Men : Apocalypse , was released on May 27 , 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "San Junipero is from Britain.", "evidence": "`` San Junipero '' is the fourth episode of the third series of British science fiction anthology series Black Mirror . Written by series creator and showrunner Charlie Brooker and directed by Owen Harris , it premiered on Netflix on 21 October 2016 , together with the rest of series three .   The episode , set in 1987 in a beach resort town named San Junipero , tells the story of Yorkie -LRB- Mackenzie Davis -RRB- , a shy young woman visiting the town and falling in love with a regular visitor , Kelly -LRB- Gugu Mbatha-Raw -RRB- .   It received critical acclaim , with many calling it the best episode of series three and for being more cheerful and positive than other Black Mirror episodes . The episode won the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Individual Episode .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alex Rodriguez never hit a home run.", "evidence": "Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 -RRB- , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman . He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees . Rodriguez was one of the sport 's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time . During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in -LRB- RBI -RRB- , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits . He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League -LRB- AL -RRB- Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Awards , ten Silver Slugger Awards , and two Gold Glove Awards . Rodr\u00edguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25 . However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .   The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft , and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18 . In 1996 , he became the Mariners ' starting shortstop and finished second in voting for the AL MVP Award . Rodriguez 's combination of power , speed , and defense made him a cornerstone of the franchise , but he left the team via free agency after the 2000 season to join the Rangers . The 10-year , $ 252 million contract he signed was the richest in baseball history . He played at a high level in his three years with Texas , highlighted by his first AL MVP Award win in 2003 , but the team failed to make the playoffs during his tenure . Prior to the 2004 season , Rodriguez was traded to the Yankees , for whom he converted to a third baseman due to incumbent shortstop Derek Jeter . In his first four seasons with New York , he was twice more named AL MVP . After opting out of his contract following the 2007 season , Rodriguez signed a new 10-year , $ 275 million deal with the Yankees , extending his record for the sport 's most lucrative contract . He became the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , reaching the milestone in 2007 . He won his first World Series in 2009 , which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium . The following year , he became the career leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent . In recent years , Rodriguez has been hampered by hip and knee injuries , which have caused him to exclusively become a designated hitter . He played his final game as a Yankee on August 12 , 2016 .   In February 2009 , after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs , including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes , Rodriguez admitted to using steroids , saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for Rangers due to `` an enormous amount of pressure '' to perform . While recovering from a hip injury in 2013 , Rodriguez made headlines by feuding with team management over his rehabilitation and for having allegedly obtained performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis baseball scandal . In August 2013 , MLB suspended him 211 games for his involvement in the scandal , but he was allowed to play while appealing the punishment . Had the original suspension been upheld , it would have been the longest non-lifetime suspension in Major League Baseball history . After an arbitration hearing , the suspension was reduced to 162 games , keeping him off the field for the entire 2014 season .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "John F. Kennedy ran against Andrew Jackson in the 1960 presidential election.", "evidence": "John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy -LRB- May 29 , 1917 -- November 22 , 1963 -RRB- , commonly referred to by his initials JFK , was an American politician who served as the 35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963 . Kennedy served at the height of the Cold War , and much of his presidency focused on managing relations with the Soviet Union . He was a member of the Democratic Party who represented Massachusetts in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate prior to becoming president .   Kennedy was born in Brookline , Massachusetts to Joseph P. Kennedy , Sr. and Rose Kennedy . A scion of the Kennedy family , he graduated from Harvard University in 1940 before joining the United States Naval Reserve the following year . During World War II , Kennedy commanded a series of PT boats in the Pacific theater and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for his service . After the war , Kennedy represented Massachusetts 's 11th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1947 until 1953 . He was subsequently elected to the U.S. Senate and served as the junior Senator from Massachusetts from 1953 until 1960 . While serving in the Senate , he published Profiles in Courage , which won the Pulitzer Prize for Biography . In the 1960 presidential election , Kennedy narrowly defeated Republican opponent Richard Nixon , who was the incumbent Vice President .   Kennedy 's time in office was marked by high tensions with Communist states in the Cold War . He increased the number of American military advisers in South Vietnam by a factor of 18 over President Dwight D. Eisenhower . In April 1961 , he authorized a failed joint-CIA attempt to overthrow the Cuban government of Fidel Castro in the Bay of Pigs Invasion . He subsequently rejected plans by the Joint Chiefs of Staff to orchestrate false-flag attacks on American soil in order to gain public approval for a war against Cuba . In October 1962 , U.S. spy planes discovered that Soviet missile bases had been deployed in Cuba ; the resulting period of tensions , termed the Cuban Missile Crisis , nearly resulted in the breakout of a global thermonuclear conflict . Domestically , Kennedy presided over the establishment of the Peace Corps and supported the Civil Rights Movement , but he was largely unsuccessful in passing his New Frontier domestic policies . Kennedy continues to rank highly in historians ' polls of U.S. presidents and with the general public . His average approval rating of 70 % is the highest of any president in Gallup 's history of systematically measuring job approval .   On November 22 , 1963 , Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas , Texas . Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested for the crime , but he was never prosecuted due to his murder by Jack Ruby two days later . Pursuant to the Presidential Succession Act , Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson was sworn in as president later that day . The FBI and the Warren Commission officially concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin , but various groups believed that Kennedy was the victim of a conspiracy . After Kennedy 's death , many of his proposals were enacted , including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Revenue Act of 1964 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Gift of the Night Fury only stars the voices of actors and actresses born in October.", "evidence": "Gift of the Night Fury is a 2011 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tom Owens . It was released on November 15 , 2011 , on DVD and Blu-ray , along with another original animated short film Book of Dragons .   Based on How to Train Your Dragon , the short takes place in the middle of preparing for the Viking winter holiday . After all dragons inexplicably fly away , the last one of them unwittingly kidnaps Hiccup . The film stars the voices of Jay Baruchel , Gerard Butler , Craig Ferguson , America Ferrera , Jonah Hill , T.J. Miller , Kristen Wiig , and Christopher Mintz-Plasse .  Jonathan Adam Saunders `` Jay '' Baruchel -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8b\u00e6ru\u02d0\u02cc\u0283\u025bl -RSB- born April 9 , 1982 -RRB- is a Canadian actor , comedian , screenwriter , director , and producer . He plays Josh Greenberg in the FXX comedy television series Man Seeking Woman and played the lead character in Judd Apatow 's comedy series , Undeclared . He is known for his voice role as Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III in the How to Train Your Dragon franchise , and for his roles in comedy movies such as Knocked Up , Tropic Thunder , Fanboys , She 's Out of My League , Goon , and This Is the End .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Schindler's List was not awarded The Academy Award for Best Picture.", "evidence": "Schindler 's List is a 1993 American epic historical period drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and scripted by Steven Zaillian . It is based on the novel Schindler 's Ark by Australian novelist Thomas Keneally . The film relates a period in the life of Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman , during which he saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees from the Holocaust by employing them in his factories during World War II . It stars Liam Neeson as Schindler , Ralph Fiennes as SS officer Amon G\u00f6th , and Ben Kingsley as Schindler 's Jewish accountant Itzhak Stern .   Ideas for a film about the Schindlerjuden -LRB- Schindler Jews -RRB- were proposed as early as 1963 . Poldek Pfefferberg , one of the Schindlerjuden , made it his life 's mission to tell the story of Schindler . Spielberg became interested in the story when executive Sidney Sheinberg sent him a book review of Schindler 's Ark. . Universal Pictures bought the rights to the novel , but Spielberg , unsure if he was ready to make a film about the Holocaust , tried to pass the project to several other directors before finally deciding to direct the film himself .   Principal photography took place in Krak\u00f3w , Poland , over the course of 72 days in 1993 . Spielberg shot the film in black and white and approached it as a documentary . Cinematographer Janusz Kami\u0144ski wanted to give the film a sense of timelessness . John Williams composed the score , and violinist Itzhak Perlman performs the film 's main theme .   Schindler 's List premiered on November 30 , 1993 , in Washington , D.C. and it was released on December 15 , 1993 , in the United States . Often listed among the greatest films ever made , it was also a box office success , earning $ 321.2 million worldwide on a $ 22 million budget . It was the recipient of seven Academy Awards -LRB- out of twelve nominations -RRB- , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Adapted Screenplay , and Best Original Score , as well as numerous other awards -LRB- including seven BAFTAs and three Golden Globes -RRB- . In 2007 , the American Film Institute ranked the film 8th on its list of the 100 best American films of all time . The Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry in 2004 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Juana la virgen is a telenovela written by Perla Farias.", "evidence": "Juana la Virgen -LRB- English : Juana the Virgin -RRB- is a 2002 Venezuelan telenovela written by Perla Farias and produced by RCTV . It was distributed worldwide by RCTV International .   Daniela Alvarado and Ricardo \u00c1lamo star as the protagonists , while Roxana Diaz , Norkys Batista and Eduardo Serrano play the antagonists .   In the United States a loose adaptation of the telenovela titled Jane the Virgin premiered on The CW . It is produced by Warner Bros. . Television and CBS Television Distribution .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Champ stars an American.", "evidence": "The Champ is a 1979 American drama sports film directed by Franco Zeffirelli and a remake of the 1931 Academy Award-winning film of the same name which was directed by King Vidor . It stars Jon Voight , Faye Dunaway , and Ricky Schroder . It is also the final film for actress Joan Blondell to be released during her lifetime . Blondell , who died from leukemia on Christmas Day eight months later , also starred in two other films that were released after her death .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Monarch of the Glen is a drama from Britain.", "evidence": "Monarch of the Glen is a British drama television series produced by Ecosse Films for BBC Scotland and broadcast on BBC One for seven series between 2000 and 2005 .   The Monarch of the Glen television series is loosely based on Sir Compton Mackenzie 's Highland Novels , which are set in the same location but in the 1930s and 1940s . The first book in that series is called The Monarch of the Glen , which was a reference to the famous painting of the same name by Landseer . The first five series of Monarch of the Glen told the story of young restaurateur , Archie MacDonald , trying to restore his childhood home in the Scottish Highlands , starring Alastair Mackenzie , Richard Briers , Susan Hampshire , and Dawn Steele , whilst the final two series of the show focused on new Laird Paul Bowman trying to modernise the estate , primarily starring Lloyd Owen , Tom Baker , Alexander Morton , and Susan Hampshire .   The series was created by Michael Chaplin and produced by Nick Pitt , Paddy Higson , Jeremy Gwilt , Stephen Garwood , and Rob Bullock . The show saw many directors , most notably Edward Bennett , Richard Signy , Rick Stroud , and Robert Knights ; and many writers including Chaplin , Niall Leonard , John Martin Johnson , Leslie Stewart , and Jeremy Front . The series premiered in February 2000 , and its seventh and final series was broadcast from September 2005 until October 2005 with 64 episodes in total .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Robert Redford is a film director.", "evidence": "Charles Robert Redford Jr. -LRB- born August 18 , 1936 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist . Redford is the founder of the Sundance Film Festival .   Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others . He earned an Emmy nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Voice of Charlie Pont -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . His greatest Broadway success was as the stuffy newlywed husband of Elizabeth Ashley in Neil Simon 's Barefoot in the Park -LRB- 1963 -RRB- .   Redford made his film debut in War Hunt -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . His role in Inside Daisy Clover -LRB- 1965 -RRB- won him a Golden Globe for best new star . He starred in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , which was a huge success and made him a major star . In 1972 , he had a critical and box office hit with Jeremiah Johnson -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and in 1973 had the greatest hit of his career , the blockbuster crime caper The Sting , for which he was nominated for an Academy Award . The popular and acclaimed All the President 's Men -LRB- 1976 -RRB- was a landmark film for Redford .   The first film that Redford directed , Ordinary People -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , was one of the most critically and publicly acclaimed films of the decade , winning four Oscars , and in the same year , he starred in Brubaker -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . He starred in Out of Africa -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , which was an enormous critical and box office success , and won seven Oscars including Best Picture , proving to be his greatest success of the decade . He released his third film as a director , A River Runs Through It , in 1992 .   Redford won the Academy Award for Best Director in 1981 for directing Ordinary People . He was previously nominated for Best Actor in 1974 for his performance in The Sting , and went on to receive Best Director and Best Picture nominations in 1995 for Quiz Show . He won a second Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2002 . In 2010 , he was made a chevalier of the L\u00e9gion d'Honneur . He has won BAFTA , Directors Guild of America , Golden Globe , and Screen Actors Guild Awards .   In April 2014 , Time magazine included Redford in their annual Time 100 as one of the `` Most Influential People in the World '' , declaring him the `` Godfather of Indie Film '' . In 2016 , President Barack Obama honored Redford with a Presidential Medal of Freedom .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Best Director was a nomination Beasts of the Southern Wild received.", "evidence": "Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin . It was adapted by Zeitlin and Lucy Alibar from Alibar 's one-act play Juicy and Delicious . After playing at film festivals , it was released on June 27 , 2012 , in New York and Los Angeles , and later distribution was expanded .   The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director -LRB- Benh Zeitlin -RRB- , Best Adapted Screenplay -LRB- Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin -RRB- , and Best Actress -LRB- Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis -RRB- . At age 9 , Wallis became the youngest Best Actress nominee in history .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Los Angeles Lakers hold the NBA record for longest winning streak.", "evidence": "The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles . The Lakers compete in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division . The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center , an arena shared with the NBA 's Los Angeles Clippers , the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association , and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League . The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA , and have won 16 NBA championships , their last being in 2010 . As of 2015 , the Lakers are the second most valuable franchise in the NBA according to Forbes , having an estimated value of $ 2.7 billion .   The franchise began with the 1947 purchase of a disbanded team , the Detroit Gems of the National Basketball League -LRB- NBL -RRB- . The new team began playing in Minneapolis , calling themselves the Minneapolis Lakers in honor of the state 's nickname , `` Land of 10,000 Lakes '' . Initially a member of the NBL , the Lakers won the 1948 NBL championship before joining the rival Basketball Association of America and winning five of the next six BAA and NBA championships in Minneapolis after the NBA formed in 1949 . The team was propelled by center George Mikan , who is described by the NBA 's official website as the league 's `` first superstar '' . After struggling financially in the late 1950s following Mikan 's retirement , they relocated to Los Angeles before the 1960 -- 61 season .   Led by Hall of Famers Elgin Baylor and Jerry West , Los Angeles made the NBA Finals six times in the 1960s , but lost each series to the Boston Celtics , beginning their long and storied rivalry . In 1968 , the Lakers acquired four-time NBA Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Wilt Chamberlain to play center , and after losing in the Finals in 1969 and 1970 , they won their sixth NBA title -- and first in Los Angeles -- in 1972 , led by new head coach Bill Sharman . After the retirement of West and Chamberlain , the team acquired another center , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , who had won multiple MVP awards , but was unable to make the Finals in the late 1970s . The 1980s Lakers were nicknamed `` Showtime '' due to their Magic Johnson-led fast break-offense , and won five championships in a 9-year span , including their first ever Finals championship against the Celtics in 1985 . This team featured Hall of Famers in Johnson , Abdul-Jabbar , and James Worthy , and a Hall of Fame coach , Pat Riley . After Abdul-Jabbar and Johnson 's retirement , the team struggled in the early 1990s before acquiring Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant in 1996 . Led by O'Neal , Bryant , and another Hall of Fame coach , Phil Jackson , Los Angeles won three consecutive titles between 2000 to 2002 , securing the franchise its second `` three-peat '' . After losing both the 2004 and 2008 NBA Finals , the Lakers won two more championships by defeating the Orlando Magic in 2009 and Boston in 2010 .   The Lakers hold the record for NBA 's longest winning streak , 33 straight games , set during the 1971 -- 72 season . 21 Hall of Famers have played for Los Angeles , while four have coached the team . Four Lakers -- Abdul-Jabbar , Johnson , O'Neal , and Bryant -- have won the NBA MVP Award for a total of eight awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Philippines is industrial.", "evidence": "The Philippines -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8f\u026al\u1d7bpi\u02d0nz -RSB- Pilipinas -LSB- \u02ccp\u026al\u026a\u02c8pin\u0250s -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of the Philippines -LRB- -LSB- Republika ng Pilipinas , links = no -RSB- -RRB- , is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean . It consists of about 7,641 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions from north to south : Luzon , Visayas , and Mindanao . The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City , both part of Metro Manila . Bounded by the South China Sea on the west , the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest , the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north , Vietnam to the west , Palau to the east and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south .   The Philippines ' location on the Pacific Ring of Fire and close to the equator makes the Philippines prone to earthquakes and typhoons , but also endows it with abundant natural resources and some of the world 's greatest biodiversity . The Philippines has an area of 300000 km2 , and a population of approximately 100 million . It is the eighth-most populated country in Asia and the 12th most populated country in the world . , approximately 10 million additional Filipinos lived overseas , comprising one of the world 's largest diasporas . Multiple ethnicities and cultures are found throughout the islands . In prehistoric times , Negritos were some of the archipelago 's earliest inhabitants . They were followed by successive waves of Austronesian peoples . Exchanges with Chinese , Malay , Indian , and Islamic nations occurred . Then , various competing maritime states were established under the rule of Datus , Rajahs , Sultans or Lakans .   The arrival of Ferdinand Magellan in Homonhon , Eastern Samar in 1521 marked the beginning of Hispanic colonization . In 1543 , Spanish explorer Ruy L\u00f3pez de Villalobos named the archipelago Las Islas Filipinas in honor of Philip II of Spain . With the arrival of Miguel L\u00f3pez de Legazpi from Mexico City , in 1565 , the first Hispanic settlement in the archipelago was established . The Philippines became part of the Spanish Empire for more than 300 years . This resulted in Roman Catholicism becoming the dominant religion . During this time , Manila became the western hub of the trans-Pacific trade connecting Asia with Acapulco in the Americas using Manila galleons .   As the 19th century gave way to the 20th , there followed in quick succession the Philippine Revolution , which spawned the short-lived First Philippine Republic , followed by the bloody Philippine -- American War of conquest by US military force . Aside from the period of Japanese occupation , the United States retained sovereignty over the islands until after World War II , when the Philippines was recognized as an independent nation . Since then , the Philippines has often had a tumultuous experience with democracy , which included the overthrow of a dictatorship by a non-violent revolution .   It is a founding member of the United Nations , World Trade Organization , Association of Southeast Asian Nations , the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum , and the East Asia Summit . It also hosts the headquarters of the Asian Development Bank . The Philippines is considered to be an emerging market and a newly industrialized country , which has an economy transitioning from being one based on agriculture to one based more on services and manufacturing . It is one of the only two predominantly Christian nations in Southeast Asia , the other being East Timor .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Joe Manganiello has appeared in a movie.", "evidence": "Joseph Michael Manganiello -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccm\u00e6\u014b\u0261\u0259\u02c8n\u025blo\u028a -RSB- ; -LSB- ma\u014b\u0261a\u02c8nj\u025bllo -RSB- ; born December 28 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer , author and philanthropist . He played Flash Thompson in Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man trilogy and had various recurring roles in television on ER , How I Met Your Mother , and One Tree Hill , before landing his breakout role as werewolf Alcide Herveaux on the HBO television series True Blood . In 2011 , he was voted `` Favorite Pop-Culture Werewolf of All Time '' by the readers of Entertainment Weekly , and one of Men 's Health `` 100 Fittest Men of All Time '' .   Manganiello has appeared in films such as Magic Mike , What to Expect When You 're Expecting , and Sabotage . In late 2013 , he became a published author when his first book , Evolution , was released by Simon & Schuster 's Gallery Books . He is active with several charities , including Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC , and he serves on the committee of The Art of Elysium .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Veronika Decides to Die is authored by Roberta Hanley.", "evidence": "Veronika Decides to Die is a 2009 psychological drama film directed by Emily Young and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar , Jonathan Tucker , Melissa Leo , David Thewlis and Erika Christensen , . The film is written by Larry Gross and Roberta Hanley and is adapted from the best-selling novel of the same name by Paulo Coelho .   The setting of the movie is New York instead of the original location of the novel in Ljubljana , Slovenia .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sully is a Tom Hanks movie.", "evidence": "Sully -LRB- also known as Sully : Miracle on the Hudson -RRB- is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki , based on the autobiography Highest Duty by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow . The film stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger , with Aaron Eckhart , Laura Linney , Anna Gunn , Autumn Reeser , Holt McCallany , Jamey Sheridan , and Jerry Ferrara in supporting roles . The film follows Sullenberger 's January 2009 emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River , in which all 155 passengers and crew survived with only minor injuries , and the subsequent publicity and investigation .   Sully premiered at the 43rd Annual Telluride Film Festival on September 2 , 2016 , and was released in the United States by Warner Bros. on September 9 , 2016 , in conventional and IMAX theaters . The film received positive reviews from critics and has grossed over $ 238 million worldwide , but created controversy with its portrayal of the National Transportation Safety Board -LRB- NTSB -RRB- . The American Film Institute selected it as one of its ten Movies of the Year .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Walter Matthau is incapable of winning anything.", "evidence": "Walter Matthau -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u00e6\u03b8a\u028a -RSB- October 1 , 1920 -- July 1 , 2000 -RRB- was an American actor and comedian , best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and its sequel 30 years later , The Odd Couple II , and his frequent collaborations with Odd Couple co-star Jack Lemmon , particularly in the '90s with Grumpy Old Men and its sequel Grumpier Old Men . He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in the 1966 Billy Wilder film The Fortune Cookie . Besides the Oscar , he was the winner of BAFTA , Golden Globe and Tony awards .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Lisa Kudrow appeared on Showtime.", "evidence": "Lisa Valerie Kudrow -LRB- -LSB- ` ku\u02d0dro\u028a -RSB- born July 30 , 1963 -RRB- is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer . She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .   She went on to produce , write and star in the 2005 HBO series The Comeback , which was revived nine years later and began airing its second season in November 2014 . She received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for both seasons , in 2006 and 2015 respectively . She also starred in Web Therapy , which aired for four seasons on Showtime . As a producer of the series , she was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class -- Short-Format Live-Action Entertainment Program for the show in 2012 . She is also one of the executive producers of the TLC reality program Who Do You Think You Are and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Program for the series in 2012 and 2014 .   Away from television , Kudrow has also appeared in many films , including Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , The Opposite of Sex -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Analyze This -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and its sequel Analyze That -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Dr. Dolittle 2 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Wonderland -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Happy Endings -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , P.S. I Love You -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bandslam -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Hotel for Dogs -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Easy A -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Neighbors -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , its sequel Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising -LRB- 2016 -RRB- and The Girl on the Train -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Myles Kennedy has released albums.", "evidence": "Myles Richard Kennedy -LRB- born Myles Richard Bass ; November 27 , 1969 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge , and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash 's backing band , known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators . A former guitar instructor from Spokane , Washington , he has worked as a session musician and songwriter , making both studio and live appearances with several artists , and has been involved with several projects throughout his career .   Born in Boston , Massachusetts , and raised in Northern Idaho and Spokane , Kennedy attended Spokane Falls Community College to study music theory . He began his music career in 1990 as the lead guitarist of the instrumental jazz ensemble Cosmic Dust , with which he released one studio album . His second band , Citizen Swing , released two studio albums before disbanding in 1996 . With fellow Citizen Swing member Craig Johnson , Kennedy founded the rock band The Mayfield Four , for which he provided lead vocals and guitar . The band released two studio albums and broke up in 2002 . After declining an offer to audition as the lead vocalist of Velvet Revolver , he was asked to join Alter Bridge by Mark Tremonti in late 2003 , formally joining in 2004 , and he has been with the band ever since . He has released five studio albums with Alter Bridge .   While Alter Bridge was on tour in 2008 , Kennedy collaborated with former members of Led Zeppelin on an undisclosed project , though the band never fully materialized and the songs he wrote with Jimmy Page , John Paul Jones , and Jason Bonham remain unreleased . He then started working with Slash , featuring on the guitarist 's 2010 eponymous solo album on two tracks and later serving as Slash 's vocalist on tour . With Slash , Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators have recorded two studio albums . He has also been at work on a solo project of his own off and on since 2009 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jane Fonda worked with Lily Tomlin in a show.", "evidence": "Jane Fonda -LRB- born Jayne Seymour Fonda ; December 21 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actress , writer , political activist , former fashion model and fitness guru . She is a two-time Academy Award winner and two time BAFTA Award winner . In 2014 , she was the recipient of the American Film Institute AFI Life Achievement Award .   Fonda made her Broadway debut in the 1960 play There Was a Little Girl , for which she received the first of two Tony Award nominations , and made her screen debut later the same year in Tall Story . She rose to fame in 1960s films such as Period of Adjustment -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Sunday in New York -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , Cat Ballou -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , Barefoot in the Park -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and Barbarella -LRB- 1968 -RRB- . Her first husband was Barbarella director Roger Vadim . A seven-time Academy Award nominee , she received her first nomination for They Shoot Horses , Do n't They -LRB- 1969 -RRB- and went on to win two Best Actress Oscars in the 1970s for Klute -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and Coming Home -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . Her other nominations were for Julia -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , The China Syndrome -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , On Golden Pond -LRB- 1981 -RRB- and The Morning After -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Her other major competitive awards include an Emmy Award for the 1984 TV film The Dollmaker , two BAFTA Awards for Julia and The China Syndrome and four Golden Globe Awards .   In 1982 , she released her first exercise video , Jane Fonda 's Workout , which became the highest-selling video of the time . It would be the first of 22 workout videos released by her over the next 13 years which would collectively sell over 17 million copies . Divorced from second husband Tom Hayden , she married billionaire media mogul Ted Turner in 1991 and retired from acting . Fonda was divorced from Turner in 2001 . She returned to acting with her first film in 15 years , the 2005 comedy Monster in Law . Subsequent films have included Georgia Rule -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , The Butler -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , This Is Where I Leave You -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Youth -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . In 2009 , she returned to Broadway after a 45-year absence , in the play 33 Variations , which earned her a Tony Award nomination , while her recurring role in the HBO drama series The Newsroom -LRB- 2012-2014 -RRB- , has earned her two Emmy Award nominations . She also released another five exercise videos between 2010 and 2012 . She stars with Lily Tomlin , Sam Waterston and Martin Sheen in the Netflix original series Grace and Frankie , which premiered in 2015 .   Fonda was a visible political activist in the counterculture era during the Vietnam War and later became involved in advocacy for women . She was famously and controversially photographed sitting on an anti-aircraft gun on a 1972 visit to Hanoi . She has also protested the Iraq War and violence against women , and describes herself as a feminist . In 2005 , she , Robin Morgan and Gloria Steinem co-founded the Women 's Media Center , an organization that works to amplify the voices of women in the media through advocacy , media and leadership training , and the creation of original content . Fonda serves on the board of the organization .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Imagine Dragons was named the \"Breakthrough Band of 2014.\"", "evidence": "Imagine Dragons is an American rock band from Las Vegas , Nevada , consisting of lead vocalist Dan Reynolds , lead guitarist Wayne Sermon , bassist Ben McKee , and drummer Daniel Platzman . The band first gained exposure in 2012 with the releases of their debut studio album Night Visions and its first single `` It 's Time '' . Billboard placed them at the top of their `` Year In Rock '' rankings for 2013 , and named them their `` Breakthrough Band of 2013 '' . Rolling Stone named their single `` Radioactive '' from Night Visions the `` biggest rock hit of the year '' , and MTV called them `` the year 's biggest breakout band '' . Night Visions peaked at number two on the weekly US Billboard 200 chart and the UK Albums Chart . The band 's second studio album Smoke + Mirrors was released in 2015 , and reached number one in the US , Canada and the UK .   Imagine Dragons has won two American Music Awards for Favorite Alternative Artist , a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance , five Billboard Music Awards , and a World Music Award . In May 2014 , the band was nominated for a total of fourteen different Billboard Music Awards , including Top Artist of the Year and a Milestone Award , which recognizes innovation and creativity of artists across different genres . As of January 2017 , Imagine Dragons have sold 9 million albums and 27 million singles worldwide .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Mike Love co-founded a band.", "evidence": "Michael Edward `` Mike '' Love -LRB- born March 15 , 1941 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beach Boys . Characterized by his nasal , sometimes baritone singing , Love has been one of the band 's vocalists and lyricists for most of their career , contributing to each of their studio albums . He is often regarded as a malign figure in the band 's history , a reputation he acknowledges : `` For those who believe that Brian -LSB- Wilson -RSB- walks on water , I will always be the Antichrist . ''   In the 1960s , Love collaborated with Wilson and was a lyricist on singles including `` Fun , Fun , Fun '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- and `` California Girls '' -LRB- 1965 -RRB- . During this period , his lyrics primarily reflected the youth culture of surfing , cars , and romance , which helped fashion pop culture 's perception of the `` California Dream '' . Starting in 1968 , Love became a teacher of Transcendental Meditation under Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . The experience influenced his lyrics to take on themes of astrology , meditation , politics and ecology . Following this , Love 's lyrical direction shifted to attempt to recapture the band 's earlier , lighthearted sound . In the late 1970s , Love began working on solo albums , releasing his first and only in 1981 : Looking Back with Love . In 1988 , he , along with the other founding members of the Beach Boys , was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . The same year , the song , `` Kokomo '' , co-written by Love , reached number one in the United States and was nominated for a Grammy .   In 1998 , following the death of cousin Carl Wilson , Love and longtime Beach Boy Bruce Johnston were given an exclusive license to tour under the name the Beach Boys . The other surviving Beach Boys , Brian Wilson and Al Jardine , embarked on solo endeavors . In 2011 , the group reunited to produce a new album and embark on a tour for their 50th anniversary . Following the 50th anniversary reunion shows , Love resumed touring only with Johnston .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Apple was incorporated as Apple Computer, Inc. in January 1977.", "evidence": "Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services . The company 's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone , the iPad tablet computer , the Mac personal computer , the iPod portable media player , the Apple Watch smartwatch , and the Apple TV digital media player . Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites . Its online services include the iTunes Store , the iOS App Store and Mac App Store , Apple Music , and iCloud .   Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers . It was incorporated as Apple Computer , Inc. in January 1977 , and sales of its computers saw significant momentum and revenue growth for the company . Within a few years , they had hired a staff of computer designers and had a production line . Apple went public in 1980 to instant financial success . Over the next few years , Apple shipped new computers featuring innovative graphical user interfaces , and Apple 's marketing commercials for its products received widespread critical acclaim . However , the high price tag of its products and limited software titles caused problems , as did power struggles between executives at the company . Jobs resigned from Apple and created his own company . As the market for personal computers increased , Apple 's computers saw diminishing sales due to lower-priced products from competitors , in particular those offered with the Microsoft Windows operating system . More executive job shuffles happened at Apple until then-CEO Gil Amelio in 1997 decided to buy Jobs ' company to bring him back . Jobs regained position as CEO , and began a process to rebuild Apple 's status , which included opening Apple 's own retail stores in 2001 , making numerous acquisitions of software companies to create a portfolio of software titles , and changed some of the hardware technology used in its computers . It again saw success and returned to profitability . In January 2007 , Jobs announced that Apple Computer , Inc. would be renamed Apple Inc. to reflect its shifted focus toward consumer electronics , and announced the iPhone , which saw critical acclaim and significant financial success . In August 2011 , Jobs resigned as CEO due to health complications , and Tim Cook became the new CEO . Two months later , Jobs died , marking the end of an era for the company .   Apple is the world 's largest information technology company by revenue , and the world 's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer after Samsung . In February 2015 , Apple became the first U.S. company to be valued at over US$ 700billion . The company employs 116,000 full-time employees and maintains 496 retail stores in 21 countries . It operates the iTunes Store , which is the world 's largest music retailer . , more than one billion Apple products are actively in use worldwide .   Apple 's worldwide annual revenue totaled $ 215billion for the 2016 fiscal year . The company enjoys a high level of brand loyalty and has been repeatedly ranked as the world 's most valuable brand . However , it receives significant criticism regarding the labor practices of its contractors and its environmental and business practices , including the origins of source materials .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Star Search was relaunched in 2003-04.", "evidence": "Star Search is an American television show that was produced by T.P.E. / Rysher Entertainment from 1983 to 1995 , hosted by Ed McMahon , and created by Alfred Masini . A relaunch was produced by 2929 Productions from 2003 to 2004 . On both versions of the show , contestants competed in several genres of entertainment . The show was originally filmed at the old Earl Carroll Theatre -LRB- now known as Nickelodeon on Sunset -RRB- , at 6230 Sunset Blvd. in Hollywood and later at the Disney Hollywood Studios in Orlando , Florida .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Canada was never the location of a French colony.", "evidence": "Canada -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u00e6n\u0259d\u0259 -RSB- -LSB- kanad\u0251 -RSB- -RRB- is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area . Canada 's border with the United States is the world 's longest binational land border . The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate , but southerly areas are warm in summer . Canada is sparsely populated , the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains . It is highly urbanized with 82 per cent of the 35.15 million people concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , many near the southern border . One third of the population lives in the three largest cities : Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver . Its capital is Ottawa , and other major urban areas include Calgary , Edmonton , Quebec City , Winnipeg and Hamilton .   Various aboriginal peoples had inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years prior to European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France . As a consequence of various conflicts , Great Britain gained and lost territories within British North America until it was left , in the late 18th century , with what mostly geographically comprises Canada today . Pursuant to the British North America Act , on July 1 , 1867 , the colonies of Canada , New Brunswick , and Nova Scotia joined to form the semi-autonomous federal Dominion of Canada . This began an accretion of provinces and territories to the mostly self-governing Dominion to the present ten provinces and three territories forming modern Canada .   In 1931 , Canada achieved near total independence from the United Kingdom with the Statute of Westminster 1931 , but at the time , Canada decided to allow the British Parliament to temporarily retain the power to amend Canada 's constitution , on request from the Parliament of Canada . With the Constitution Act 1982 , Canada took over that authority -LRB- as the conclusion of Patriation -RRB- , removing the last remaining ties of legal dependence on the Parliament of the United Kingdom , giving the country full sovereignty .   Canada is a federal parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy , with Queen Elizabeth II being the head of state . The country is officially bilingual at the federal level . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , the product of large-scale immigration from many other countries . Its advanced economy is the eleventh largest in the world , relying chiefly upon its abundant natural resources and well-developed international trade networks . Canada 's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture .   Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the ninth highest ranking in the Human Development Index . It ranks among the highest in international measurements of government transparency , civil liberties , quality of life , economic freedom , and education . Canada is a Commonwealth realm member of the Commonwealth of Nations , a member of the Francophonie , and part of several major international and intergovernmental institutions or groupings including the United Nations , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , the G8 , the Group of Ten , the G20 , the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "System of a Down has only sold albums in Greenland.", "evidence": "System of a Down , sometimes shortened to SOAD or System , is an heavy metal band from Glendale , California , formed in 1994 . The band currently consists of Serj Tankian -LRB- lead vocals , keyboards -RRB- , Daron Malakian -LRB- vocals , guitar -RRB- , Shavo Odadjian -LRB- bass , backing vocals -RRB- and John Dolmayan -LRB- drums -RRB- .   The band achieved commercial success with the release of five studio albums , three of which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 . System of a Down has been nominated for four Grammy Awards , and their song `` B.Y.O.B. '' won the Best Hard Rock Performance of 2006 . The group briefly disbanded in August 2006 and reunited in November 2010 , embarking on a tour for the following three years . System of a Down has sold over 40 million records worldwide .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Led Zeppelin was first named the New Yardbirds.", "evidence": "Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 . The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham . The band 's heavy , guitar-driven sound , rooted in blues and psychedelia on their early albums , has earned them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal , though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences , including folk music .   After changing their name from the New Yardbirds , Led Zeppelin signed a deal with Atlantic Records that afforded them considerable artistic freedom . Although the group was initially unpopular with critics , they achieved significant commercial success with albums such as Led Zeppelin -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin II -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin III -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin IV -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , Houses of the Holy -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and Physical Graffiti -LRB- 1975 -RRB- . Their fourth album , which features the track `` Stairway to Heaven '' , is among the most popular and influential works in rock music , and it helped to secure the group 's popularity .   Page wrote most of Led Zeppelin 's music , particularly early in their career , while Plant generally supplied the lyrics . Jones ' keyboard-based compositions later became central to the group 's catalogue , which featured increasing experimentation . The latter half of their career saw a series of record-breaking tours that earned the group a reputation for excess and debauchery . Although they remained commercially and critically successful , their output and touring schedule were limited during the late 1970s , and the group disbanded following Bonham 's death from alcohol-related asphyxia in 1980 . In the decades that followed , the surviving members sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions . The most successful of these was the 2007 Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert in London , with Jason Bonham taking his late father 's place behind the drums .   Led Zeppelin are widely considered one of the most successful , innovative , and influential rock groups in history . They are one of the best-selling music artists in the history of audio recording ; various sources estimate the group 's record sales at 200 to 300 million units worldwide . With RIAA-certified sales of 111.5 million units , they are the second-best-selling band in the US . Each of their nine studio albums placed in the top 10 of the Billboard album chart and six reached the number-one spot . They achieved eight consecutive UK number-one albums . Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' . They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 ; the museum 's biography of the band states that they were `` as influential '' during the 1970s as the Beatles were during the 1960s .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Payton Manning signed with the Ontario Broncos.", "evidence": "Peyton Williams Manning -LRB- born March 24 , 1976 -RRB- is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts . Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons . Manning played college football for the University of Tennessee , leading the Tennessee Volunteers to the 1997 SEC Championship in his senior season . He is the second son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and older brother of New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning .   Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts as the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft . From 1998 to 2010 , he improved the fortunes of the struggling Colts franchise and helped transform them into playoff contenders . During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .   After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos . Serving as the team 's starting quarterback from 2012 to 2015 , he contributed to the Broncos reaching the top of their division each year and his playing career concluded with a victory in Super Bowl 50 .   Manning holds many NFL records , including passing yards -LRB- 71,940 -RRB- , touchdown passes -LRB- 539 -RRB- , AP MVP awards -LRB- 5 -RRB- , Pro Bowl appearances -LRB- 14 -RRB- , and 4,000-yard passing seasons -LRB- 14 -RRB- . A two-time Super Bowl winner and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLI , Manning is also the only quarterback to start the Super Bowl for two different franchises more than once each and the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different franchises . At 39 years of age , Manning is the oldest quarterback to start in and win a Super Bowl . Manning is also the only quarterback in NFL history to make the Super Bowl four times with four different head coaches -LRB- Dungy , Caldwell , Fox , and Kubiak -RRB- .   During a 2009 Monday Night Football game , Manning received the nickname `` The Sheriff '' from color commentator Jon Gruden due to his tendency to audible prior to the snap , and he was one of the most recognizable and parodied players in the NFL . Teams led by Manning typically utilized the hurry-up offense in place of the standard huddle .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Anthropology is a division of Davis Entertainment.", "evidence": "Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company , founded by John Davis in 1984 .   Davis 's three divisions -- - feature film , independent film , and television - -- develop and produce film and television projects for the major studios , independent distributors , networks and cable broadcasters . The Company has enjoyed a long-standing first-look production deal at 20th Century Fox , though also produces projects for all studios and mini-majors .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kafka stars an actor.", "evidence": "Kafka is a 1991 mystery thriller film directed by Steven Soderbergh . Ostensibly a biopic , based on the life of Franz Kafka , the film blurs the lines between fact and Kafka 's fiction -LRB- most notably The Castle and The Trial -RRB- , creating a Kafkaesque atmosphere . It was written by Lem Dobbs , and stars Jeremy Irons in the title role , with Theresa Russell , Ian Holm , Jeroen Krabb\u00e9 , Joel Grey , Armin Mueller-Stahl , and Alec Guinness .   Released after Soderbergh 's critically acclaimed debut Sex , Lies , and Videotape it was the first of what would be a series of low-budget box-office disappointments . It has since become a cult film , being compared to Terry Gilliam 's Brazil and David Cronenberg 's Naked Lunch -LRB- all of which star Ian Holm -RRB- .  Sir Ian Holm CBE -LRB- born 12 September 1931 -RRB- is an English actor known for his stage work and many film roles . He received the 1967 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor for his performance as Lenny in The Homecoming and the 1998 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance in the title role of King Lear . He won the 1981 BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role as athletics trainer Sam Mussabini in Chariots of Fire , for which he was also nominated for an Academy Award .   Other well-known film roles include Ash in Alien , Sir William Gull in From Hell , Father Vito Cornelius in The Fifth Element , and the hobbit Bilbo Baggins in the The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit film series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alex Rodriguez played for the Mariners.", "evidence": "Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 -RRB- , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman . He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees . Rodriguez was one of the sport 's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time . During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in -LRB- RBI -RRB- , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits . He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League -LRB- AL -RRB- Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Awards , ten Silver Slugger Awards , and two Gold Glove Awards . Rodr\u00edguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25 . However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .   The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft , and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18 . In 1996 , he became the Mariners ' starting shortstop and finished second in voting for the AL MVP Award . Rodriguez 's combination of power , speed , and defense made him a cornerstone of the franchise , but he left the team via free agency after the 2000 season to join the Rangers . The 10-year , $ 252 million contract he signed was the richest in baseball history . He played at a high level in his three years with Texas , highlighted by his first AL MVP Award win in 2003 , but the team failed to make the playoffs during his tenure . Prior to the 2004 season , Rodriguez was traded to the Yankees , for whom he converted to a third baseman due to incumbent shortstop Derek Jeter . In his first four seasons with New York , he was twice more named AL MVP . After opting out of his contract following the 2007 season , Rodriguez signed a new 10-year , $ 275 million deal with the Yankees , extending his record for the sport 's most lucrative contract . He became the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , reaching the milestone in 2007 . He won his first World Series in 2009 , which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium . The following year , he became the career leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent . In recent years , Rodriguez has been hampered by hip and knee injuries , which have caused him to exclusively become a designated hitter . He played his final game as a Yankee on August 12 , 2016 .   In February 2009 , after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs , including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes , Rodriguez admitted to using steroids , saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for Rangers due to `` an enormous amount of pressure '' to perform . While recovering from a hip injury in 2013 , Rodriguez made headlines by feuding with team management over his rehabilitation and for having allegedly obtained performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis baseball scandal . In August 2013 , MLB suspended him 211 games for his involvement in the scandal , but he was allowed to play while appealing the punishment . Had the original suspension been upheld , it would have been the longest non-lifetime suspension in Major League Baseball history . After an arbitration hearing , the suspension was reduced to 162 games , keeping him off the field for the entire 2014 season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charles Marie de La Condamine was born in 1701.", "evidence": "Charles Marie de La Condamine -LRB- 28 January 1701 -- 13 February 1774 -RRB- was a French explorer , geographer , and mathematician . He spent ten years in present-day Ecuador measuring the length of a degree latitude at the equator and preparing the first map of the Amazon region based on astronomical observations . Furthermore he was a contributor to the Encyclop\u00e9die ou Dictionnaire raisonn\u00e9 des sciences , des arts et des m\u00e9tiers .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pulp Fiction is written by a man.", "evidence": "Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy neo-noir crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino , from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary . Directed in a highly stylized manner , Pulp Fiction connects the intersecting storylines of Los Angeles mobsters , fringe players , small-time criminals , and a mysterious briefcase . The film 's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century , known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue .   The screenplay of Pulp Fiction was written in 1992 and 1993 , and incorporated some scenes originally written by Avary for True Romance . Its plot , as in many of Tarantino 's other works , is presented out of chronological order . The film is also self-referential from its opening moments , beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of `` pulp '' . Considerable screen time is devoted to monologues and casual conversations with eclectic dialogue revealing each character 's perspectives on several subjects , and the film features an ironic combination of humor and strong violence . Its script was reportedly turned down by Columbia TriStar as `` too demented '' . Miramax co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was instantly enthralled with it , however , and the film became the first that Miramax fully financed .   Pulp Fiction won the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival , and was a major critical and commercial success upon its U.S. release . It revitalized the careers of John Travolta -LRB- who received an Academy Award nomination -RRB- , Samuel L. Jackson , and Uma Thurman . It was also nominated for seven Oscars , including Best Picture ; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay . The nature of its development , marketing , and distribution -- and its consequent profitability -- had a sweeping effect on the field of independent cinema .   Since its release , Pulp Fiction has been widely regarded as Tarantino 's masterpiece , with particular praise singled out for its screenwriting . The film 's self-reflexivity , unconventional structure , and extensive use of homage and pastiche have led critics to describe it as a touchstone of postmodern film . It is often considered a cultural watershed , with a strong influence felt not only in later movies that adopted various elements of its style , but in several other media as well . A 2008 Entertainment Weekly poll named it the best film since 1983 , and the work has appeared on many critics ' lists of the greatest films ever made . In 2013 , Pulp Fiction was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  Quentin Jerome Tarantino -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u00e6r\u0259n\u02c8ti\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born March 27 , 1963 -RRB- is an American director , writer , and actor . His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines , satirical subject matter , an aestheticization of violence , extended scenes of dialogue , ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers , references to popular culture , soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s , and features of neo-noir film . He is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation .   His career began in the late 1980s , when he wrote and directed My Best Friend 's Birthday , the screenplay of which formed the basis for True Romance . In the early 1990s , he began his career as an independent filmmaker with the release of Reservoir Dogs in 1992 ; regarded as a classic and cult hit , it was called the `` Greatest Independent Film of All Time '' by Empire . Its popularity was boosted by his second film , Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , a black comedy crime film that was a major success both among critics and audiences . Judged the greatest film from 1983 -- 2008 by Entertainment Weekly , many critics and scholars have named it one of the most significant works of modern cinema . For his next effort , Tarantino paid homage to the blaxploitation films of the 1970s with Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , an adaptation of the novel Rum Punch .   Kill Bill , a highly stylized `` revenge flick '' in the cinematic traditions of Kung fu films , Japanese martial arts , Spaghetti Westerns and Italian horror , followed six years later , and was released as two films : Volume 1 in 2003 and Volume 2 in 2004 . Tarantino directed Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as part of a double feature with friend Robert Rodriguez , under the collective title Grindhouse . His long-postponed Inglourious Basterds , which tells the fictional alternate history story of two plots to assassinate Nazi Germany 's political leadership , was released in 2009 to positive reviews . After that came 2012 's critically acclaimed Django Unchained , a Western film set in the antebellum era of the Deep South . It became the highest-grossing film of his career so far , making over $ 425 million at the box office . His eighth film , the mystery Western The Hateful Eight , was released in its roadshow version December 25 , 2015 , in 70 mm film format , complete with opening `` overture '' and halfway-point intermission , after the fashion of big-budget films of the 1960s and early 1970s .   Tarantino 's films have garnered both critical and commercial success . He has received many industry awards , including two Academy Awards , two Golden Globe Awards , two BAFTA Awards and the Palme d'Or , and has been nominated for an Emmy and a Grammy . He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World by Time in 2005 . Filmmaker and historian Peter Bogdanovich has called him `` the single most influential director of his generation '' . In December 2015 , Tarantino received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the film industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Giada De Laurentiis has been a contributor to a morning TV program.", "evidence": "Giada Pamela De Laurentiis -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u0292a\u02d0da pa\u02c8m\u025b\u02d0la de lau\u02c8r\u025bnti.is -RSB- ; born August 22 , 1970 -RRB- is an Italian-born American chef , writer , television personality , and the host of the current Food Network television program Giada at Home . She also appears regularly as a contributor and guest co-host on NBC 's Today . De Laurentiis is the founder of the catering business GDL Foods . She is a winner of the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lifestyle Host , and in 2012 , she was inducted into the Culinary Hall of Fame .  Today , also called The Today Show , is an American news and talk morning television show that airs on NBC . The program debuted on January 14 , 1952 . It was the first of its genre on American television and in the world , and is the fifth-longest-running American television series . Originally a two-hour program on weekdays , it expanded to Sundays -LRB- a one-hour program -RRB- in 1987 and Saturdays -LRB- running for two hours -RRB- in 1992 . The weekday broadcast expanded to three hours in 2000 , and to four hours in 2007 .   Todays dominance was virtually unchallenged by the other networks until the late 1980s , when it was overtaken by ABC 's Good Morning America . Today retook the Nielsen ratings lead the week of December 11 , 1995 , and held onto that position for 852 consecutive weeks until the week of April 9 , 2012 , when it was beaten by Good Morning America again . Today has maintained its No. 2 status since the summer of 2012 each year behind GMA . In 2002 , Today was ranked No. 17 on TV Guides 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Grammy Hall of Fame inducted Bohemian Rhapsody.", "evidence": "`` Bohemian Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen . It was written by Freddie Mercury for the band 's 1975 album A Night at the Opera . It is a six-minute suite , consisting of several sections without a chorus : an intro , a ballad segment , an operatic passage , a hard rock part and a reflective coda . The song is a more accessible take on the 1970s progressive rock genre . It was reportedly the most expensive single ever made at the time of its release , though the exact cost of production can not be determined .   When it was released as a single , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' became a commercial success , staying at the top of the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks and selling more than a million copies by the end of January 1976 . It reached number one again in 1991 for another five weeks when the same version was re-released , eventually becoming the UK 's third-best-selling single of all time . It is also the only song to be Christmas number one twice by the same artist . It topped the charts in several other markets as well , including Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Ireland and The Netherlands , later becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time . In the United States the song originally peaked at number nine in 1976 . It returned to the chart at number two in 1992 following Freddie Mercury 's death in 1991 , as well as its appearance in the film Wayne 's World , which revived its American popularity .   Although critical reaction was initially mixed , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' remains one of Queen 's most popular songs and is frequently placed on modern lists of the greatest songs of all time . The single was accompanied by a promotional video , which many scholars consider ground-breaking . Rolling Stone magazine states : `` Its influence can not be overstated , practically inventing the music video seven years before MTV went on the air . '' In 2004 , `` Bohemian Rhapsody '' was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame . In 2012 , the song topped the list on an ITV nationwide poll in the UK to find `` The Nation 's Favourite Number One '' over 60 years of music .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hugh Jackman has a public feud with Christopher Nolan, preventing any collaboration between the two.", "evidence": "Hugh Michael Jackman -LRB- born 12 October 1968 -RRB- is an Australian actor , singer , and producer . Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in a variety of film genres . He is known for his long-running role as Wolverine in the X-Men film series , as well as for his lead roles in films such as the romantic-comedy fantasy Kate & Leopold -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , the action-horror film Van Helsing -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , the magic-themed drama The Prestige -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the epic fantasy drama The Fountain -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the epic historical romantic drama Australia -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , the film version of Les Mis\u00e9rables -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the thriller Prisoners -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . His work in Les Mis\u00e9rables earned him his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy in 2013 .   In Broadway theatre , Jackman won a Tony Award for his role in The Boy from Oz . A four-time host of the Tony Awards themselves , he won an Emmy Award for one of these appearances . Jackman also hosted the 81st Academy Awards on 22 February 2009 .  The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan , from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest 's 1995 World Fantasy Award-winning novel of the same name . Its story follows Robert Angier and Alfred Borden , rival stage magicians in London at the end of the 19th century . Obsessed with creating the best stage illusion , they engage in competitive one-upmanship with tragic results . The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier , Christian Bale as Alfred Borden , and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla . It also stars Michael Caine , Scarlett Johansson , Piper Perabo , Andy Serkis , and Rebecca Hall . The film reunites Nolan with actors Bale and Caine from Batman Begins and returning cinematographer Wally Pfister , production designer Nathan Crowley , film score composer David Julyan , and editor Lee Smith .   The film was released on October 20 , 2006 , receiving positive reviews and strong box office results , and received Academy Award nominations for Best Cinematography and Best Art Direction . Along with The Illusionist and Scoop , The Prestige was one of three films released in 2006 to explore the world of stage magicians .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Cate Blanchett was nominated for an Academy Award.", "evidence": "Catherine Elise Blanchett -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8bl\u00e6nt\u0283\u0259t -RSB- born 14 May 1969 -RRB- is an Australian actress and theatre director . She has received international acclaim and many accolades , including six AACTA Awards , two Academy Awards , three Screen Actors Guild Awards , three Golden Globe Awards , and three BAFTA Awards . Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur 's 1998 film Elizabeth , for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress , the Golden Globe Award , and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination . Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese 's 2004 film The Aviator brought her critical acclaim and many accolades , including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role , making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor . In 2013 , she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen 's Blue Jasmine , for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress .   Blanchett is one of only six actors , and the only actress , to receive Academy Award nominations for portraying the same role in two films , accomplished in her case by portraying Queen Elizabeth I . She is additionally the only Australian to win two acting Oscars . A seven-time Oscar nominee , she has also received nominations for Notes on a Scandal -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Elizabeth : The Golden Age -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , I 'm Not There -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Carol -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Her other notable films include The Talented Mr. Ripley -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Babel -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , The Curious Case of Benjamin Button -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Robin Hood -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , How to Train Your Dragon 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and Cinderella -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Her main role in a big-budget movie was as Galadriel in Peter Jackson 's The Lord of the Rings trilogy -LRB- 2001 -- 03 -RRB- and The Hobbit trilogy -LRB- 2012 -- 14 -RRB- . She has been cast as Hela in the Marvel Studios film Thor : Ragnarok -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .   Blanchett has also had an extensive career on stage and is a four-time Helpmann Award winner for Best Female Actor in a Play . Her earlier roles include the title role in Electra at the National Institute of Dramatic Art -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Ophelia in Hamlet at the Belvoir St Theatre in Sydney -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Susan in Plenty in the West End -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and the title role in Hedda Gabler with the Sydney Theatre Company -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . From 2008 to 2013 , she and her husband Andrew Upton were co-CEOs and artistic directors of the Sydney Theatre Company . Her other roles on stage include Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire in Sydney , New York at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and Washington D.C. at the Kennedy Center -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Yelena in Uncle Vanya in Sydney , Washington D.C. at the Kennedy Center and New York at Lincoln Center -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and Claire in The Maids in Sydney -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and New York at Lincoln Center -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Blanchett has been awarded the Centenary Medal for Service to Australian Society by the Australian government . She was appointed Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 2012 . She has been presented with a Doctor of Letters from University of New South Wales , University of Sydney , and Macquarie University in recognition of her extraordinary contribution to the arts , philanthropy and the community . In 2015 , she was honoured by the Museum of Modern Art and received the British Film Institute Fellowship in recognition of her outstanding contribution to the industry .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Slash was born in 1965.", "evidence": "Saul Hudson -LRB- born July 23 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Slash , is a British-American musician and songwriter . He is best known as the lead guitarist of the American rock band Guns N ' Roses , with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s . During his later years with Guns N ' Roses , Slash formed the side project Slash 's Snakepit . After leaving Guns N ' Roses in 1996 , he co-founded the supergroup Velvet Revolver , which re-established him as a mainstream performer in the mid to late 2000s . Slash has since released three solo albums : Slash -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , featuring an array of famous guest musicians , and Apocalyptic Love -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and World on Fire -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , recorded with his band , Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators . He returned to Guns N ' Roses in 2016 , nearly 20 years after he had left .   Slash has received critical acclaim and is considered as one of the greatest rock guitarists . Time Magazine named him runner-up on their list of `` The 10 Best Electric Guitar Players '' in 2009 , while Rolling Stone Magazine placed him at No. 65 on their list of `` The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time '' in 2011 . Guitar World ranked his guitar solo in `` November Rain '' No. 6 on their list of `` The 100 Greatest Guitar Solos '' in 2008 , and Total Guitar placed his riff in `` Sweet Child o ' Mine '' at No. 1 on their list of `` The 100 Greatest Riffs '' in 2004 . During 2010 Gibson Guitar Corporation ranked Slash as No. 34 on their `` Top 50 Guitarists of All Time '' , while their readers landed him No. 9 on Gibson 's `` Top 25 Guitarists of All Time '' . In 2012 , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Guns N ' Roses ' classic line-up .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Drake is only German.", "evidence": "Aubrey Drake Graham -LRB- born October 24 , 1986 -RRB- better known by the stage name Drake , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter , record producer , and actor . Drake initially gained recognition as an actor on the teen drama television series Degrassi : The Next Generation in the early 2000s . Intent on pursuing a career as a rapper , he departed the series in 2007 following the release of his debut mixtape , Room for Improvement . He released two further independent projects , Comeback Season and So Far Gone , before signing to Lil Wayne 's Young Money Entertainment in June 2009 .   Drake released his debut studio album Thank Me Later in 2010 , which debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and was soon certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- . His next two releases were 2011 's Take Care and 2013 's Nothing Was the Same , with certifications of quadruple and triple platinum respectively in the U.S. , with the former also earning him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album . They were followed by two mixtapes , with the trap-influenced If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late , and a collaboration with Future for What a Time to Be Alive , in 2015 , which both also earned platinum certification in the U.S.   Drake released his fourth album , Views , in 2016 , breaking several chart records in the process . The dancehall-influenced album sat atop the Billboard 200 for ten nonconsecutive weeks , becoming the first album by a solo male to do so in over 10 years . Its single `` One Dance '' topped the chart in several countries , including the U.S. , the UK and Canada , where it became his first number-one single as the lead artist . This saw Drake leading the Billboard Hot 100 and the Billboard 200 simultaneously for eight weeks , coming close to a record held by Whitney Houston . It achieved quadruple platinum status in the U.S. , and earned over 1 million album-equivalent units in the first week of its release . The single `` Hotline Bling '' secured him his second and third Grammy win , for Best Rap/Sung Performance and Best Rap Song , at the organization 's 59th ceremony .   Drake released the multi-genre More Life in 2017 . Described by Drake as a playlist , it was his seventh consecutive number one on the Billboard 200 , and set multiple streaming records .   Drake owns several Billboard chart records . He has the most charted songs -LRB- 154 -RRB- among solo artists in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 , the most simultaneously charted Hot 100 songs in a single week -LRB- 24 -RRB- , and the most Hot 100 debuts in a week -LRB- 21 -RRB- . Drake also has the most number one singles on the Hot Rap Songs , Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Airplay and Rhythmic Charts . Alongside his Grammy Award wins , Drake has won three Juno Awards and six American Music Awards .   Drake has developed other ventures , including his OVO Sound record label with longtime collaborator Noah `` 40 '' Shebib . Drake acts as a producer , producing under the pseudonym of Champagne Papi . Using the `` OVO '' moniker , Drake has his own clothing line and his own program on Beats 1 Radio . He is also currently acting as the global ambassador for NBA franchise , the Toronto Raptors .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "R. Madhavan was a cast member of 3 Idiots.", "evidence": "Ranganathan Madhavan -LRB- born 1 June 1970 -RRB- is an Indian actor , writer and film producer . Madhavan has received two Filmfare Awards , an award from the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards alongside recognition and nominations from other organisations . He has been described as one of the few actors in India who is able to achieve pan-Indian appeal , appearing in films from seven different languages .   Madhavan began his acting career with television guest appearances , including a role on the Zee TV prime-time soap opera Banegi Apni Baat in 1996 . After appearing in commercials and in small roles , he later gained recognition in the Tamil film industry through Mani Ratnam 's successful romance film Alaipayuthey -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Madhavan soon developed an image as a romantic hero with notable roles in two of 2001 's highest grossing Tamil films , Gautham Menon 's directorial debut Minnale and Madras Talkies ' Dumm Dumm Dumm . He worked with Mani Ratnam again in the critically acclaimed 2002 film Kannathil Muthamittal playing the father of an adopted girl , whilst he achieved commercial success with his role in N. Linguswamy 's action film , Run -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .   Madhavan was cast alongside Kamal Haasan in the 2003 drama Anbe Sivam , which earned him two notable awards for Best Supporting Actor . In 2004 , he gave a critically acclaimed performance as the antagonist in the multi-starrer Aayutha Ezhuthu and the film secured him his first Filmfare Award for the intense portrayal of a rogue . In the mid-2000s , Madhavan also actively pursued a career in Hindi films , by appearing in supporting roles in three highly successful productions , Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Rang De Basanti -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Mani Ratnam 's biopic Guru -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Rajkumar Hirani 's 3 Idiots -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , which went on to become the highest grossing Indian film of all time upon release . He simultaneously worked on Tamil films , gaining critical acclaim for his portrayal of a vigilante in his home production Evano Oruvan -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and for the successful bilingual horror film , Yavarum Nalam -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . After appearing in further box office hits , Tanu Weds Manu -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Vettai -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Madhavan took a break from acting . Returning after a three-year sabbatical in 2015 , his comeback films , the romantic-comedy Tanu Weds Manu Returns -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and the sports drama Irudhi Suttru -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , both won critical and commercial acclaim .   In addition to his acting career , Madhavan has worked as a writer on his films , hosted television programmes and has been a prominent celebrity endorser for brands and products . He has also worked as a film producer , first making Evano Oruvan with Leukos Films , before setting up Tricolour Films to produce Saala Khadoos -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Madhavan is noted for his philanthropic activities and promotes various causes such as environment , health and education . He is particularly vocal about the protection of animals and was awarded PETA 's Person of the Year recognition in 2012 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "James and the Giant Peach includes Richard Dreyfuss.", "evidence": "James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British-American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick , based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl . It was produced by Tim Burton and Denise Di Novi , directed by Henry Selick , and starred Paul Terry as James . The film is a combination of live action and stop-motion animation . Co-stars Joanna Lumley and Miriam Margolyes played James 's aunts in the live-action segments , and Simon Callow , Richard Dreyfuss , Susan Sarandon , Jane Leeves , David Thewlis , and Margoyles voiced his insect friends in the animation sequences .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ayn Rand condemned force.", "evidence": "Ayn Rand -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8a\u026an_\u02c8r\u00e6nd -RSB- born Alisa Zinov ` yevna Rosenbaum , \u0410\u043b\u0438\u0301\u0441\u0430 \u0417\u0438\u043d\u043e\u0301\u0432\u044c\u0435\u0432\u043d\u0430 \u0420\u043e\u0437\u0435\u043d\u0431\u0430\u0301\u0443\u043c -- March 6 , 1982 -RRB- was a Russian-American novelist , philosopher , playwright , and screenwriter . She is known for her two best-selling novels , The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged , and for developing a philosophical system she called Objectivism . Educated in Russia , she moved to the United States in 1926 . She had a play produced on Broadway in 1935 -- 1936 . After two early novels that were initially unsuccessful in America , she achieved fame with her 1943 novel , The Fountainhead .   In 1957 , Rand published her best-known work , the novel Atlas Shrugged . Afterward , she turned to non-fiction to promote her philosophy , publishing her own magazines and releasing several collections of essays until her death in 1982 . Rand advocated reason as the only means of acquiring knowledge , and rejected faith and religion . She supported rational and ethical egoism , and rejected altruism . In politics , she condemned the initiation of force as immoral , and opposed collectivism and statism as well as anarchism , and instead supported laissez-faire capitalism , which she defined as the system based on recognizing individual rights . In art , Rand promoted romantic realism . She was sharply critical of most philosophers and philosophical traditions known to her , except for Aristotle , Thomas Aquinas , and classical liberals .   Literary critics received Rand 's fiction with mixed reviews , and academia generally ignored or rejected her philosophy , though academic interest has increased in recent decades . The Objectivist movement attempts to spread her ideas , both to the public and in academic settings . She has been a significant influence among libertarians and American conservatives .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Anne Hathaway had a part in Ella Enchanted.", "evidence": "Anne Jacqueline Hathaway -LRB- born November 12 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress and singer . Born in Brooklyn , New York and brought up in Millburn , New Jersey , Hathaway was inspired to act by her mother and as a high school student was nominated for the Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Award for Best Performance by a High School Actress for her performance in Once Upon a Mattress . She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real -LRB- 1999 -- 2000 -RRB- , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy . Hathaway went on to become a widely praised `` role model for children '' for her roles in Nicholas Nickleby -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Ella Enchanted -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and Hoodwinked ! -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .   Hathaway began to transition to more adult roles in 2005 , winning a DVD Exclusive Award for Best Actress for Havoc -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , receiving a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for her role in the critically acclaimed Brokeback Mountain -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , garnering further recognition for appearing alongside Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and earning a BIFA nomination for Best Performance by an Actress for her portrayal of Jane Austen in Becoming Jane -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Hathaway received praise for her performance as a recovering drug addict in Rachel Getting Married -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , for which she won the Critics ' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Academy , Golden Globe , Screen Actors Guild , and Indie Spirit Awards for Best Actress / Female Lead . She went on to win her second Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy for starring in Bride Wars -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and in 2010 , appeared in the box office hits Valentine 's Day , Alice in Wonderland and Love & Other Drugs , which earned her the Satellite Award for Best Actress and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical .   In 2011 , Hathaway voiced Jewel in the animated film Rio and hosted the 83rd Academy Awards with James Franco , which was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class Program . In 2012 , she portrayed Catwoman in Christopher Nolan 's The Dark Knight Rises , for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress . The same year , she starred as Fantine in Tom Hooper 's Les Mis\u00e9rables , which earned her widespread acclaim and she won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and SAG Awards for Best Supporting Actress . Hathaway has since gone on to appear in Rio 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Interstellar -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , The Intern -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and reprised her role as the White Queen in Alice Through the Looking Glass -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   People magazine named Hathaway one of its breakthrough stars of 2001 , and she appeared on its list of the world 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2006 . Following a four-year relationship with real estate developer Raffaello Follieri , Hathaway married Adam Shulman in 2012 , with whom she has one son , born in March 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Oh Yeon-seo was born.", "evidence": "Oh Yeon-seo -LRB- born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 -RRB- , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV . She is best known for her roles in television dramas My Husband Got a Family -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Jang Bo-ri is Here ! -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Shine or Go Crazy -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Please Come Back , Mister -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ben Stiller was involved in the film industry in the 1990s.", "evidence": "Benjamin Edward Meara Stiller -LRB- born November 30 , 1965 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian and filmmaker . He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara .   After beginning his acting career with a play , Stiller wrote several mockumentaries , and was offered his own show entitled The Ben Stiller Show , which he produced and hosted for its 13-episode run . Having previously acted in television , he began acting in films ; he made his directorial debut with Reality Bites . Throughout his career he has written , starred in , directed , or produced more than 50 films , including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , Zoolander , The Cable Guy , There 's Something About Mary , the Meet the Parents trilogy , DodgeBall , Tropic Thunder , the Madagascar series , and the Night at the Museum trilogy . In addition , he has had multiple cameos in music videos , television shows , and films .   Stiller is a member of a group of comedic actors colloquially known as the Frat Pack . His films have grossed more than $ 2.6 billion in Canada and the United States , with an average of $ 79 million per film . Throughout his career , he has received multiple awards and honors , including an Emmy Award , multiple MTV Movie Awards and a Teen Choice Award .  Reality Bites is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film written by Helen Childress and directed by Ben Stiller . It stars Winona Ryder , Ethan Hawke and Stiller , with supporting roles by Janeane Garofalo and Steve Zahn . The plot follows Lelaina -LRB- Ryder -RRB- , an aspiring videographer working on a documentary called Reality Bites about the disenfranchised lives of her friends and roommates . Their challenges exemplify some of the career and lifestyle choices faced by Generation X.   The film 's critical reception was mixed , but was successful commercially , grossing $ 20 million in the United States on an $ 11 million budget . Critics highlighted the performances of Ryder , Hawke and Garofalo in particular . However , it has since achieved cult status and has been singled out as one of the films that captured the zeitgeist of the early 1990s grunge scene among 20-somethings , while also bringing attention to various issues that plagued young Americans at the time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Los Angeles Lakers were nicknamed \"Showtime\" in the 1980s.", "evidence": "The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles . The Lakers compete in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- , as a member of the league 's Western Conference Pacific Division . The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center , an arena shared with the NBA 's Los Angeles Clippers , the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association , and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League . The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA , and have won 16 NBA championships , their last being in 2010 . As of 2015 , the Lakers are the second most valuable franchise in the NBA according to Forbes , having an estimated value of $ 2.7 billion .   The franchise began with the 1947 purchase of a disbanded team , the Detroit Gems of the National Basketball League -LRB- NBL -RRB- . The new team began playing in Minneapolis , calling themselves the Minneapolis Lakers in honor of the state 's nickname , `` Land of 10,000 Lakes '' . Initially a member of the NBL , the Lakers won the 1948 NBL championship before joining the rival Basketball Association of America and winning five of the next six BAA and NBA championships in Minneapolis after the NBA formed in 1949 . The team was propelled by center George Mikan , who is described by the NBA 's official website as the league 's `` first superstar '' . After struggling financially in the late 1950s following Mikan 's retirement , they relocated to Los Angeles before the 1960 -- 61 season .   Led by Hall of Famers Elgin Baylor and Jerry West , Los Angeles made the NBA Finals six times in the 1960s , but lost each series to the Boston Celtics , beginning their long and storied rivalry . In 1968 , the Lakers acquired four-time NBA Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Wilt Chamberlain to play center , and after losing in the Finals in 1969 and 1970 , they won their sixth NBA title -- and first in Los Angeles -- in 1972 , led by new head coach Bill Sharman . After the retirement of West and Chamberlain , the team acquired another center , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , who had won multiple MVP awards , but was unable to make the Finals in the late 1970s . The 1980s Lakers were nicknamed `` Showtime '' due to their Magic Johnson-led fast break-offense , and won five championships in a 9-year span , including their first ever Finals championship against the Celtics in 1985 . This team featured Hall of Famers in Johnson , Abdul-Jabbar , and James Worthy , and a Hall of Fame coach , Pat Riley . After Abdul-Jabbar and Johnson 's retirement , the team struggled in the early 1990s before acquiring Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant in 1996 . Led by O'Neal , Bryant , and another Hall of Fame coach , Phil Jackson , Los Angeles won three consecutive titles between 2000 to 2002 , securing the franchise its second `` three-peat '' . After losing both the 2004 and 2008 NBA Finals , the Lakers won two more championships by defeating the Orlando Magic in 2009 and Boston in 2010 .   The Lakers hold the record for NBA 's longest winning streak , 33 straight games , set during the 1971 -- 72 season . 21 Hall of Famers have played for Los Angeles , while four have coached the team . Four Lakers -- Abdul-Jabbar , Johnson , O'Neal , and Bryant -- have won the NBA MVP Award for a total of eight awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Slovenia is bordered by the Adriatic Sea.", "evidence": "Slovenia -LRB- -LSB- slo\u028a\u02c8vi\u02d0ni\u0259 , _ sl\u0259 - , _ - nj\u0259 -RSB- ; Slovenija -LSB- sl\u0254\u02c8\u028b\u00e9\u02d0nija -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Slovenia -LRB- Slovene : , abbr. : RS -RRB- , is a nation state in southern Central Europe , located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes . It is bordered by Italy to the west , Austria to the north , Hungary to the northeast , Croatia to the south and southeast , and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest . It covers 20,273 km2 and has a population of 2.06 million . It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations , European Union , and NATO . The capital and largest city is Ljubljana .   The territory is mostly mountainous with a mainly continental climate , with the exception of the Slovene Littoral that has a sub-Mediterranean climate and the north-western area that has an Alpine climate . Additionally , the Dinaric Alps and the Pannonian Plain meet on the territory of Slovenia . The country , marked by a significant biological diversity , is one of the most water-rich in Europe , with a dense river network , a rich aquifer system , and significant karst underground watercourses . Over half of the territory is covered by forest . The human settlement of Slovenia is dispersed and uneven .   Slovenia has historically been the crossroads of South Slavic , Germanic , Romance , and Hungarian languages and culture . Although the population is not homogeneous , the majority is Slovene . South Slavic language Slovene is the official language throughout the country . Slovenia is a largely secularized country , but its culture and identity have been significantly influenced by Catholicism as well as Lutheranism . The economy of Slovenia is small , open , and export-oriented and has been strongly influenced by international conditions . It has been severely hurt by the Eurozone crisis , started in the late 2000s . The main economic field is services , followed by industry and construction .   Historically , the current territory of Slovenia was part of many different state formations , including the Roman Empire and the Holy Roman Empire , followed by the Habsburg Monarchy . In October 1918 , the Slovenes exercised self-determination for the first time by co-founding the State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs . In December 1918 , they merged with the Kingdom of Serbia into the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes -LRB- renamed Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 -RRB- . During World War II , Slovenia was occupied and annexed by Germany , Italy , and Hungary , with a tiny area transferred to the Independent State of Croatia , a Nazi puppet state . Afterward , it was a founding member of the Federal People 's Republic of Yugoslavia , later renamed the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , a communist state which was the only country in the Eastern Bloc which was never part of the Warsaw Pact . In June 1991 , after the introduction of multi-party representative democracy , Slovenia split from Yugoslavia and became an independent country . In 2004 , it entered NATO and the European Union ; in 2007 became the first formerly communist country to join the Eurozone ; and in 2010 joined the OECD , a global association of high-income developed countries .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Italy is officially called the big meatball.", "evidence": "Italy -LRB- Italia -LSB- i\u02c8ta\u02d0lja -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Italian Republic -LRB- -LSB- Repubblica italiana , links = no -RSB- -RRB- , is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe.The Italian peninsula is geographically located in Southern Europe , while North Italy can be placed partly or totally in Central Europe . Due to cultural , political and historical reasons , Italy is a Western European country . Located in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea , Italy shares open land borders with France , Switzerland , Austria , Slovenia , San Marino and Vatican City . Italy covers an area of 301338 km2 and has a largely temperate seasonal and Mediterranean climate . Due to its shape , it is often referred to in Italy as lo Stivale -LRB- the Boot -RRB- . With 61 million inhabitants , it is the fourth most populous EU member state .   Since classical times , ancient Phoenicians , Carthaginians and Greeks established settlements in the south of Italy , with Etruscans and Celts inhabiting the centre and north of Italy respectively and various different ancient Italian tribes and Italic peoples dispersed throughout the Italian Peninsula and insular Italy . The Italic tribe known as the Latins formed the Roman Kingdom , which eventually became a republic that conquered and assimilated other nearby civilisations . Rome ultimately emerged as the dominant power in the Mediterranean basin , conquering much of the ancient world and becoming the leading cultural , political and religious centre of Western civilisation . The legacy of the Roman Empire is widespread and can be observed in the global distribution of civilian law , republican governments , Christianity and the Latin script .   During the Middle Ages , Italy suffered sociopolitical collapse amid calamitous barbarian invasions , but by the 11th century numerous rival city-states and maritime republics rose to great prosperity through shipping , commerce and banking , laying down the groundwork for modern capitalism . These independent statelets , acting as Europe 's main trading hubs with Asia and the Near East , often enjoyed a greater degree of democracy and wealth in comparison to the larger feudal monarchies that were consolidating throughout Europe at the time , though much of central Italy remained under the control of the theocratic Papal States , while Southern Italy remained largely feudal until the 19th century , partially as a result of a succession of Byzantine , Arab , Norman , Spanish and Bourbon conquests of the region .   The Renaissance began in Italy and spread to the rest of Europe , bringing a renewed interest in humanism , science , exploration and art . Italian culture flourished at this time , producing famous scholars , artists and polymaths such as Leonardo da Vinci , Galileo , Michelangelo and Machiavelli . Italian explorers such as Marco Polo , Christopher Columbus , Amerigo Vespucci and Giovanni da Verrazzano discovered new routes to the Far East and the New World , helping to usher in the European Age of Discovery . Nevertheless , Italy 's commercial and political power significantly waned with the opening of the Atlantic trade route and the route to the Indian Ocean via the Cape of Good Hope , which bypassed the Mediterranean . Furthermore , the Italian city-states constantly engaged one another in bloody warfare , culminating in the Italian Wars of the 15th and 16th centuries that left them exhausted , with no one emerging as a dominant power . The weakened sovereigns soon fell victim to conquest by European powers such as France , Spain and Austria .   By the mid-19th century , a rising movement in support of Italian nationalism and independence from foreign control led to a period of revolutionary political upheaval known as the Risorgimento , which sought the formation of a unified nation-state . After various unsuccessful attempts , the Italian Wars of Independence and the Expedition of the Thousand resulted in the eventual unification of the country in 1861 , now a great power after centuries of foreign domination and political division . From the late 19th century to the early 20th century , the new Kingdom of Italy rapidly industrialised , although mainly in the north , and acquired a colonial empire , while the south remained largely impoverished and excluded from industrialisation , fuelling a large and influential diaspora . Despite being one of the main victors in World War I , Italy entered a period of economic crisis and social turmoil , leading the way to the rise of a fascist dictatorship in 1922 . The subsequent participation in World War II on the Axis side ended in military defeat , economic destruction and an Italian civil war . Following the liberation of Italy and the rise of the resistance , the country abolished the monarchy , reinstated democracy , enjoyed a prolonged economic boom and , despite periods of sociopolitical turmoil -LRB- e.g. Anni di piombo , Mani pulite , the Second Mafia War , the Maxi Trial and subsequent assassinations of anti-mafia officials -RRB- , became a major developed country .   Today , Italy has the third largest economy in the Eurozone and the eighth largest in the world . It has a very high level of human development and is ranked sixth in the world for life expectancy . The country plays a prominent role in regional and global economic , military , cultural and diplomatic affairs , and it is both a regional power and a great power . Italy is a founding and leading member of the European Union and the member of numerous international institutions , including the UN , NATO , the OECD , the OSCE , the WTO , the G7/G8 , G20 , the Union for the Mediterranean , the Council of Europe , Uniting for Consensus and many more . As a reflection of its cultural wealth , Italy is home to 51 World Heritage Sites , the most in the world , and is the fifth most visited country .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ron Cobb was only born in the year 1954.", "evidence": "Ron Cobb -LRB- born 1937 -RRB- is an American cartoonist , artist , writer , film designer , and film director .   By the age of 18 , with no formal training in graphic illustration , Cobb was working as an animation `` inbetweener '' artist for Disney Studios in Burbank , California . He progressed to becoming a breakdown artist on the animation feature Sleeping Beauty -LRB- 1959 -RRB- . -LRB- This was the last Disney film to have cels inked by hand . -RRB-   After Sleeping Beauty was completed in 1957 , Disney laid off Cobb and he spent the next three years in various jobs -- mail carrier , assembler in a door factory , sign painter 's assistant -- until he was drafted in 1960 into the US Army . For the next two years he delivered classified documents around San Francisco , then , after signing up for an extra year to avoid assignment to the infantry , was sent to Vietnam in 1963 as a draughtsman for the Signal Corps . On his discharge , Cobb began freelancing as an artist . He began to contribute to the Los Angeles Free Press in 1965 .   Edited and published by Art Kunkin , the Los Angeles Free Press was one of the first of the underground newspapers of the 1960s , noted for its radical politics . Cobb 's editorial/political cartoons were a celebrated feature of the Freep , and appeared regularly throughout member newspapers of the Underground Press Syndicate . However , although he was regarded as one of the finest political cartoonists of the mid-1960s to early 1970s , Cobb made very little money from the cartoons and was always looking for work elsewhere.His cartoons were featured in the back to the land magazine `` The Mother Earth News . ''   Among other projects , Cobb designed the cover for Jefferson Airplane 's 1967 album , After Bathing at Baxter 's . He also contributed design work for the cult film , Dark Star -LRB- 1973 -RRB- -LRB- he drew the original design for the exterior of the Dark Star spaceship on a Pancake House napkin -RRB- .   His cartoons from the 1960s and 1970s are collected in RCD-25 -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and Mah Fellow Americans -LRB- 1968 -RRB- -LRB- both Sawyer Press -RRB- , and Raw Sewage -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and My Fellow Americans -LRB- 1971 -RRB- -LRB- both Price Stern and Sloan -RRB- . None of these volumes remains in print .   In 1969 Cobb designed the Ecology symbol , later incorporated into the Ecology Flag .   In 1972 , Cobb moved to Sydney , Australia , where his work appeared in alternative magazines such as The Digger . Independent publishers Wild & Woolley published a `` best of '' collection of the earlier cartoon books , The Cobb Book in 1975 . A follow-up volume , Cobb Again , appeared in 1978 .   In 1981 , Colorvision , a large-format , full-colour monograph appeared , including much of his design work for the films Star Wars -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Alien -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , and Conan the Barbarian -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , the first feature for which he received the credit of Production Designer . Cobb has also contributed production design to the films The Last Starfighter -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , Leviathan -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Total Recall -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , True Lies -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , The Sixth Day -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Cats & Dogs -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Southland Tales -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and the Australian feature Garbo , which he directed . Cobb contributed the initial story for Night Skies , an earlier , darker version of E.T. . Steven Spielberg offered him the opportunity to direct this scarier sequel to Close Encounters of the Third Kind until problems arose over special effects that required a major rewrite . While Cobb was in Spain working on Conan the Barbarian , Spielberg supervised the rewrite into the more personal E.T. and ended up directing it himself . Cobb later received some net profit participation .   During the early 1990s , Cobb worked with Rocket Science Games . His designs can be seen most notably in Loadstar : The Legend of Tully Bodine -LRB- 1994 -RRB- and The Space Bar -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , in which he designed all the characters .   Cobb also co-wrote with his wife , Robin Love , one of the -LRB- 1985 -- 1987 -RRB- Twilight Zone episodes .   Among the most famous film props signed by Cobb are two of the swords he designed for the 1982 film Conan the Barbarian -LRB- the `` Father 's Sword '' and the `` Atlantean Sword '' -RRB- . Cobb 's original drawings of the swords are nowadays used , in cinema merchandising , to mass-produce and sell replicas .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Just Dance was a song.", "evidence": "`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga . The song was produced by RedOne and co-written by RedOne , Gaga and Akon , while also featuring labelmate Colby O'Donis . It was released in 2008 as the lead single from Gaga 's debut studio album , The Fame . The song was written by Gaga in ten minutes as `` a happy record '' . `` Just Dance '' also has influences of R&B and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .   The song received positive reviews from music critics , who complimented its club anthem-like nature and the synthpop associated with it . The song topped the charts in the United States , Australia , Canada , the Republic of Ireland , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries . In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 . The single is among the best-selling singles of all time , having sold over 10 million copies .   The music video of the song portrayed Lady Gaga appearing in a party where she plays the song , prompting party-goers to start dancing in enjoyment . Gaga compared her experience of shooting the video with being on a Martin Scorsese set . `` Just Dance '' was performed by Gaga in a number of live appearances including all of her concert tours . In 2009 , the song received a Grammy nomination in the Best Dance Recording category but lost to electronic duo Daft Punk for their song `` Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger -LRB- Alive 2007 -RRB- '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Journey is a band.", "evidence": "Journey is an American rock band that formed in San Francisco in 1973 , composed of former members of Santana and Frumious Bandersnatch . The band has gone through several phases ; its strongest commercial success occurred between 1978 and 1987 . During that period , the band released a series of hit songs , including `` Do n't Stop Believin ' -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , which in 2009 became the top-selling track in iTunes history among songs not released in the 21st century . Its parent studio album , Escape , the band 's eighth and most successful , reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and yielded another of their most popular singles , `` Open Arms '' . Its 1983 follow-up album , Frontiers , was almost as successful in the United States , reaching No. 2 and spawning several successful singles ; it broadened the band 's appeal in the United Kingdom , where it reached No. 6 on the UK Albums Chart . Journey enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid-1990s and later regrouped with a series of lead singers .   Sales have resulted in two Gold albums , eight multi-platinum albums , and two diamond albums -LRB- including seven consecutive multi-platinum albums between 1978 and 1987 -RRB- . They have had eighteen Top 40 singles in the U.S. -LRB- the second most without a Billboard Hot 100 number one single behind Electric Light Orchestra with 20 -RRB- , six of which reached the Top 10 of the US chart and two of which reached No. 1 on other Billboard charts , and a No. 6 hit on the UK Singles Chart in `` Do n't Stop Believin . In 2005 , `` Do n't Stop Believin reached No. 3 on iTunes downloads . Originally a progressive rock band , Journey was described by AllMusic as having cemented a reputation as `` one of America 's most beloved -LRB- and sometimes hated -RRB- commercial rock/pop bands '' by 1978 , when they redefined their sound by embracing pop arrangements on their fourth album , Infinity .   According to the Recording Industry Association of America , Journey has sold 48 million albums in the U.S. , making them the 25th best-selling band . Their worldwide sales have reached close to 90 million records , making them one of the world 's best-selling bands of all time . A 2005 USA Today opinion poll named Journey the fifth-best American rock band in history . Their songs have become arena rock staples and are still played on rock radio stations across the world . Journey ranks No. 96 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .   Journey was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with the class of 2017 . Inductees included lead singer Steve Perry , guitarist Neal Schon , keyboardists Jonathan Cain and Gregg Rolie , bassist Ross Valory , and drummers Aynsley Dunbar and Steve Smith .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Life Is Peachy was released by Epic Records.", "evidence": "Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn , released on October 15 , 1996 through both Immortal Records and Epic Records . After the release of Korn 's 1994 self-titled debut album , the band asked Ross Robinson to produce and went back to Indigo Ranch to record . Life Is Peachy has fourteen tracks , excluding the hidden track after `` Kill You '' . Korn released three singles from Life Is Peachy : `` No Place to Hide '' , `` A.D.I.D.A.S. '' , and `` Good God '' . All three singles went on the UK Singles Chart . Life Is Peachy features such themes as drugs , social encounters , sex , and revenge . The album 's cover art was designed by Martin Riedl and its name is credited to Korn 's bassist Reginald `` Fieldy '' Arvizu .   Life Is Peachy was certified gold on January 8 , 1997 and was later certified platinum on December 9 , 1997 . Following the success of Korn 's 1994 self-titled debut album , Life Is Peachy was certified double platinum on November 10 , 1999 . Life Is Peachy debuted and peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number one in New Zealand . In its first week of being released , the album sold 106,000 copies . Critical reception for Life Is Peachy was mainly mixed , with critics praising the album 's songwriting and sound quality .   Before the release of Life Is Peachy , Korn toured with many bands . Initially , Korn joined the Sick of It All Tour . Following the Sick of It All Tour , Korn joined the Danzig 4 Tour . Korn also toured with Megadeth , Fear Factory , and Flotsam and Jetsam . After the release of Life Is Peachy , Korn toured solo , and headlined and often sold out shows . Korn also toured in the Lollapalooza summer tour .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sarah Silverman never wrote for a sketch comedy show.", "evidence": "Sarah Kate Silverman -LRB- born December 1 , 1970 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer . Her comedy addresses social taboos and controversial topics , such as racism , sexism , and religion , having her comic character endorse them in a sarcastic fashion . For her work on television , she won two Primetime Emmy Awards .   Silverman was a writer and occasional performer on Saturday Night Live , and starred in and produced The Sarah Silverman Program , which ran from 2007 to 2010 on Comedy Central , for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series . She released an autobiography The Bedwetter in 2010 . She also appeared in other television programs , such as Mr. Show and V.I.P. , and starred in films , including Who 's the Caboose ? -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , School of Rock -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Wreck-It Ralph -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and A Million Ways to Die in the West -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   In 2015 , she starred in the drama I Smile Back , for which she was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role .  Saturday Night Live -LRB- abbreviated as SNL -RRB- is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol . The show premiered on NBC on October 11 , 1975 , under the original title NBC 's Saturday Night . The show 's comedy sketches , which parody contemporary culture and politics , are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members . Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest -LRB- who usually delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast -RRB- and features performances by a musical guest . An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming , `` Live from New York , it 's Saturday Night ! '' , properly beginning the show .   In 1980 , Michaels left the series to explore other opportunities . He was replaced by Jean Doumanian , who was replaced by Ebersol after a season of bad reviews . Ebersol ran the show until 1985 , when Michaels returned ; Michaels has remained since then . Many of SNLs cast found national stardom while appearing on the show , and achieved success in film and television , both in front of and behind the camera . Others associated with the show , such as writers , have gone on to successful careers creating , writing , or starring in TV and film .   Broadcast from Studio 8H at NBC 's headquarters in the Comcast Building , SNL has aired 829 episodes since its debut , and concluded its forty-second season on May 20 , 2017 , making it one of the longest-running network television programs in the United States . The show format has been developed and recreated in several countries , meeting with different levels of success . Successful sketches have seen life outside of the show as feature films , although only two met with critical and financial success : The Blues Brothers -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and Wayne 's World -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . The show has been marketed in other ways , including home media releases of `` best of '' and whole seasons , and books and documentaries about behind-the-scenes activities of running and developing the show .   Throughout four decades on air , Saturday Night Live has received a number of awards , including 50 Primetime Emmy Awards , two Peabody Awards , and three Writers Guild of America Awards . In 2000 , it was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame . It was ranked tenth in TV Guide `` 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time '' list , and in 2007 it was listed as one of Time magazine 's `` 100 Best TV Shows of All-TIME '' . As of 2012 , it has received 156 Emmy nominations , the most received by any TV show . The live aspect of the show has resulted in several controversies and acts of censorship , with mistakes and intentional acts of sabotage by performers as well as guests .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "A mole is a structure.", "evidence": "A mole is a massive structure , usually of stone , used as a pier , breakwater , or a causeway between places separated by water . The word comes from Middle French mole , ultimately from Latin m\u014dl\u0113s , meaning a large mass , especially of rock , and it has the same root as molecule . A mole may have a wooden structure built on top of it that resembles a wooden pier . The defining feature of a mole , however , is that water can not freely flow underneath it , unlike a true pier . The oldest known mole is at Wadi al-Jarf , an ancient Egyptian harbor complex on the Red Sea .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shahid Kapoor supports charities.", "evidence": "Shahid Kapoor -LRB- -LSB- \u0283a\u02d0\u0266\u026ad\u032a k\u0259\u02c8pu\u02d0r -RSB- ; born 25 February 1981 -RRB- , also known as Shahid Khattar , is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films . The son of actors Pankaj Kapur and Neelima Azeem , Kapoor was born in New Delhi . His parents separated when he was three , and he continued living with his mother . They moved to Mumbai when he was 10 , where he joined Shiamak Davar 's dance academy . Kapoor appeared as a background dancer in a few films of the 1990s , and was later featured in music videos and television commercials .   Kapoor made his film debut in 2003 with a leading role in the romantic comedy Ishq Vishk , a sleeper hit for which he won a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut . He followed it with roles in several commercial failures before starring in Sooraj Barjatya 's top-grossing family drama Vivah -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . Kapoor earned nominations for the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for portraying a troubled businessman in Imtiaz Ali 's romantic comedy Jab We Met -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and twin brothers in Vishal Bhardwaj 's caper thriller Kaminey -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . After appearing in another series of box office flops , he starred in the action film R. . . Rajkumar -LRB- 2013 -RRB- his highest-grossing release . In 2014 , Kapoor portrayed the Hamlet character in Bhardwaj 's acclaimed drama Haider , for which he won the Best Actor award at Filmfare . Two years later , he played a drug abusing singer in the crime drama Udta Punjab , which won him the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor .   Cited in the media as one of the most attractive Indian celebrities , Kapoor maintains his popularity despite a fluctuating career trajectory . Initially recognised for portraying romantic roles , Kapoor has since taken on parts in action films and thrillers . He is the recipient of several awards , including three Filmfare Awards . In addition to acting , Kapoor supports charities , hosts award ceremonies , and has featured as a talent judge on the dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa Reloaded -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Following a romantic relationship with the actress Kareena Kapoor , he married Mira Rajput , a student from New Delhi , with whom he has a daughter .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Doctor Who was written by the Ancient Greeks.", "evidence": "The tenth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who premiered on 15 April 2017 and is set to consist of twelve episodes , after it was released in July 2015 that BBC Worldwide had invested in a tenth series of the programme in its annual review . The series is led by head writer and executive producer Steven Moffat , alongside executive producer Brian Minchin . It is the third and final series overseen by the two as executive producers , as well as Moffat 's sixth and final series as head writer . This series is the tenth to air following the programme 's revival in 2005 , and is the thirty-sixth season overall .   Preceded by a Christmas special in December 2016 , `` The Return of Doctor Mysterio '' , the series is the third and final series starring Peter Capaldi as the Twelfth Doctor , an incarnation of the Doctor , an alien Time Lord who travels through time and space in his TARDIS , which appears to be a British police box on the outside ; Capaldi announced in January 2017 that he would be stepping down from the role after the tenth series . The series introduces Pearl Mackie as Bill Potts , the Doctor 's newest travelling companion , and also features Matt Lucas as Nardole , who appeared in the 2015 and 2016 Christmas specials .   Steven Moffat wrote four episodes for the series . Other returning writers who have worked on this series and previous ones include Frank Cottrell-Boyce , Sarah Dollard , Jamie Mathieson , Peter Harness , Toby Whithouse and Mark Gatiss , as well as two new writers for the revived era of the programme , Mike Bartlett and Rona Munro , the latter of whom wrote Survival , the final serial of the original classic era . Directors of the series included three who have previously worked on the show , and three brand new ones . Filming began on 20 June 2016 and lasted just over nine months , ending on 7 April 2017 .  Steven William Moffat , OBE -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccsti\u02d0v\u0259n_\u02c8m\u0252f\u0259t -RSB- , born 18 November 1961 -RRB- is a Scottish television writer and producer , known for his work as showrunner , writer and executive producer of the British television series Doctor Who and Sherlock .   Moffat 's first television work was the teen drama series Press Gang . His first sitcom , Joking Apart , was inspired by the breakdown of his first marriage ; conversely , his later sitcom Coupling was based upon the development of his relationship with television producer Sue Vertue . In between the two relationship-centred shows , he wrote Chalk , a sitcom set in a comprehensive school inspired by his own experience as an English teacher .   A lifelong fan of Doctor Who , Moffat 's first work on the series was the script of the parody episode The Curse of Fatal Death , which aired in 1999 . He then wrote six episodes of the Doctor Who revival series under executive producer Russell T Davies -LRB- `` The Empty Child '' , `` The Doctor Dances '' -LSB- both 2005 -RSB- , `` The Girl in the Fireplace '' -LSB- 2006 -RSB- , `` Blink '' -LSB- 2007 -RSB- , `` Silence in the Library '' , and `` Forest of the Dead '' -LSB- both 2008 -RSB- -RRB- . In 2009 , he replaced Davies as showrunner , lead writer and executive producer , with his first series as executive producer airing from April 2010 . Sherlock , which Moffat co-created with Mark Gatiss , began airing in July 2010 . In January 2016 , it was announced that Moffat would step down from being showrunner of Doctor Who after the spring 2017 season finale , and that Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall would take over . Moffat would also write and showrun the 2017 Christmas Special before handing over to Chibnall . Moffat also co-wrote the 2011 feature film The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret of the Unicorn .   Moffat has won several awards , mainly for Doctor Who and Sherlock , including two Emmy Awards , five BAFTA Awards and four Hugo Awards .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "L.A. Law ended on May 19, 1994.", "evidence": "L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC , from September 15 , 1986 , to May 19 , 1994 .   Created by Steven Bochco and Terry Louise Fisher , it contained many of Bochco 's trademark features including an ensemble cast , large number of parallel storylines , social drama , and off-the-wall humor . It reflected the social and cultural ideologies of the 1980s and early 1990s , and many of the cases featured on the show dealt with hot-topic issues such as capital punishment , abortion , racism , gay rights , homophobia , sexual harassment , AIDS , and domestic violence . The series often also reflected social tensions between the wealthy senior lawyer protagonists and their less well-paid junior staff .   In addition to its main cast , L.A. Law was also well known for featuring then relatively unknown actors and actresses in guest starring roles , who later went on to greater success in film and television including : Don Cheadle , Jeffrey Tambor , Kathy Bates , David Schwimmer , Jay O. Sanders , James Avery , Gates McFadden , Bryan Cranston , C.C.H. Pounder , Kevin Spacey , Richard Schiff , Carrie-Anne Moss , William H. Macy , Stephen Root , Christian Slater , and Lucy Liu . Several episodes of the show also included celebrities such as Vanna White , Buddy Hackett and Mamie Van Doren appearing as themselves in cameo roles .   The show was popular with audiences and critics , and won 15 Emmy Awards throughout its run , four of which were for Outstanding Drama Series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jerry Seinfeld specialized in observational comedy.", "evidence": "Jerome Allen `` Jerry '' Seinfeld -LRB- born April 29 , 1954 -RRB- is an American comedian , actor , writer , producer , and director . He is known for playing a semifictional version of himself in the sitcom Seinfeld , which he created and wrote with Larry David . Seinfeld was heavily involved in the Bee Movie , in which he voiced its protagonist . In 2010 , he premiered a reality series called The Marriage Ref . He directed Colin Quinn in the Broadway show Long Story Short at the Helen Hayes Theater , which ran until January 2011 . He is the creator and host of the web series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee . In his stand-up comedy career , Seinfeld is known for specializing in observational comedy , often ranting about relationships and embarrassing social situations .   In 2005 , Comedy Central named Seinfeld their `` 12th Greatest Stand-up Comedian of All Time '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marie Curie was naturalized-German.", "evidence": "Marie Sk\u0142odowska Curie -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8kj\u028ari , _ kj\u028a\u02c8ri\u02d0 -RSB- -LSB- ky\u0281i -RSB- ; -LSB- k\u02b2i\u02c8ri -RSB- ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 -RRB- , born Maria Salomea Sk\u0142odowska -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8marja sal\u0254\u02c8m\u025ba skw\u0254\u02c8d\u0254fska -RSB- -RRB- , was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity . She was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize , the first person and only woman to win twice , the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two different sciences , and was part of the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes . She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panth\u00e9on in Paris .   She was born in Warsaw , in what was then the Kingdom of Poland , part of the Russian Empire . She studied at Warsaw 's clandestine Floating University and began her practical scientific training in Warsaw . In 1891 , aged 24 , she followed her older sister Bronis\u0142awa to study in Paris , where she earned her higher degrees and conducted her subsequent scientific work . She shared the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics with her husband Pierre Curie and with physicist Henri Becquerel . She won the 1911 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .   Her achievements included the development of the theory of radioactivity -LRB- a term that she coined -RRB- , techniques for isolating radioactive isotopes , and the discovery of two elements , polonium and radium . Under her direction , the world 's first studies were conducted into the treatment of neoplasms , using radioactive isotopes . She founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw , which remain major centres of medical research today . During World War I , she developed mobile radiography units to provide X-ray services to field hospitals .   While a French citizen , Marie Sk\u0142odowska Curie -LRB- she used both surnames -RRB- never lost her sense of Polish identity . She taught her daughters the Polish language and took them on visits to Poland . She named the first chemical element that she discoveredpolonium , which she isolated in 1898after her native country .   Curie died in 1934 , aged 66 , at a sanatorium in Sancellemoz -LRB- Haute-Savoie -RRB- , France , due to aplastic anemia brought on by exposure to radiation while carrying test tubes of radium in her pockets during research , and in the course of her work at field hospitals during World War I.  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Honey to the B was the first album of a singer and actress from England.", "evidence": "Honey to the B is the first album by the pop singer Billie Piper , released in 1998 -LRB- see 1998 in music -RRB- . Billie -LRB- she was known at the time only by her first name -RRB- was the first and youngest British female artist to have a first single enter the UK pop charts at number one .   A number of hit singles were released from the album , including `` Girlfriend '' , `` She Wants You '' , the anthemic `` Because We Want To '' , and the title track `` Honey to the Bee '' . `` Honey to the Bee '' was later covered by the Swedish girl group Play on their 2003 album Replay . The American version of the album differs in that it contains the radio mix of `` Girlfriend '' . The single `` Honey to the Bee '' re-entered the official UK Singles Chart at number 17 on 21 January 2007 , eight years after initial release , thanks to efforts by the BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles .   The album has sold 380,000 copies in the UK as of July 2013 .  Billie Paul Piper -LRB- born Leian Paul Piper ; 22 September 1982 -RRB- is an English singer , dancer and actress . She made her debut in Scratchy & Co. -LRB- 1995 -- 1998 -RRB- , and at the age of 15 , she signed a recording contract and released her debut single `` Because We Want To '' , which debuted at number one in the UK and made her the youngest artist ever to debut at number one . The single was followed by Piper 's album Honey to the B -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand -LRB- RIANZ -RRB- and platinum by the British Phonographic Industry -LRB- BPI -RRB- . In 2000 , she released her second album , Walk of Life . In 2003 , she retired from the recording industry and launched an acting career .   Piper 's transition into acting began in 2004 . She played Rose Tyler , companion to The Doctor from 2005 to 2006 , in the BBC sci-fi series Doctor Who , reprising the role in 2008 , 2010 , and 2013 . From 2007 until 2011 , she starred as the high-flying escort Belle de Jour in the television series Secret Diary of a Call Girl . She also starred as Brona Croft/Lily in the Showtime series Penny Dreadful .   More recently Piper has taken to the stage . She has starred in five critically acclaimed plays and picked up numerous Best Actress awards , most notably an Olivier Award for her performance in Yerma which was described as `` earth-quaking ' by The Guardian and `` A generation 's greatest '' by The Stage .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Will Ferrell is considered to be part of the Frat Pack.", "evidence": "John William Ferrell -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8f\u025br\u0259l -RSB- born July 16 , 1967 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer . He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Talladega Nights -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Step Brothers -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , The Other Guys -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay . The two also founded the comedy website Funny or Die in 2007 . Other films roles include Elf , Old School -LRB- both 2003 -RRB- , Blades of Glory -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and the animated films Megamind -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and The Lego Movie -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Ferrell is considered a member of the `` Frat Pack '' , a generation of leading Hollywood comic actors who emerged in the late 1990s and the 2000s , including Jack Black , Ben Stiller , Steve Carell , Vince Vaughn , and brothers Owen and Luke Wilson . He received an Emmy Award nomination for his work on Saturday Night Live , and two Golden Globe Award nominations for The Producers -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Stranger than Fiction -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . He was also named the best comedian of 2015 in the British GQ Men of the Year awards . Ferrell received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 26 , 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Donnie Wahlberg acts with Tom Selleck.", "evidence": "Donald Edmond `` Donnie '' Wahlberg Jr. . -LRB- born August 17 , 1969 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , and film producer . He is a founding member of the boy band New Kids on the Block . Outside of music , he has had roles in the Saw films , The Sixth Sense , Dreamcatcher , and Righteous Kill , also appearing in the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers as First Lieutenant Carwood Lipton . From 2002 to 2003 , he starred in the crime drama Boomtown . He has been starring in the drama series Blue Bloods as Danny Reagan with Tom Selleck -LRB- his TV father -RRB- and Bridget Moynahan -LRB- his TV sister -RRB- since 2010 , and since 2014 is an executive producer of the TNT reality television show Boston 's Finest . He was nominated for Choice Scream at the 2008 Teen Choice Awards for his work in the Saw films . He has also produced and starred in `` Rock this Boat '' , `` Donnie Loves Jenny '' and `` Return of the Mac '' on Pop TV .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Rogue appears in Canadian comic books.", "evidence": "Rogue is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , commonly in association with the X-Men . The character debuted in Avengers Annual # 10 -LRB- November 1981 -RRB- as a villain , but then soon after she joined the X-Men .   Rogue is part of a subspecies of humans called mutants , who are born with superhuman abilities . Rogue has the involuntary ability to absorb and sometimes also remove the memories , physical strength , and superpowers of anyone she touches . Therefore , Rogue considers her powers to be a curse . For most of her life , she limited her physical contact with others , including her on-off love interest , Gambit . However , after many years , Rogue finally gained full control over her mutant ability .   Hailing from the fictional Caldecott County , Mississippi , Rogue is the X-Men 's self-described southern belle . A runaway , she was adopted by Mystique of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants and grew up as a villain . After Rogue permanently absorbs Ms. Marvel 's psyche and Kree powers , she reforms and turns to the X-Men , fearing for her sanity . Rogue 's real name and early history were not revealed until nearly 20 years after her introduction . Until the back story provided by Robert Rodi in the ongoing Rogue series , which began in September 2004 , Rogue 's background was only hinted at . Her name was revealed as Anna Marie , although her surname is still unknown . She has sometimes adopted the name Raven , which is the first name of her foster mother Mystique .   Rogue has been one of the most prominent members of the X-Men since the 1980s . She was # 5 on IGN 's Top 25 X-Men list for 2006 , # 4 on their Top Ten X-Babes list for 2006 , # 3 on Marvel 's list of Top 10 Toughest Females for 2009 and was given title of # 1 X-Man on CBR 's Top 50 X-Men of All Time for 2008 . She was ranked tenth in Comics Buyer 's Guide 's `` 100 Sexiest Women in Comics '' list . Rogue has been featured in most of the X-Men animated series , and various video games . In the X-Men film series , she is portrayed by Anna Paquin . Her visual cue is often the white streak that runs through her hair .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The German Shepherd is the second-most registered breed by the American Kennel Club and The Kennel Club UK.", "evidence": "The German Shepherd -LRB- Deutscher Sch\u00e4ferhund , -LSB- \u02c8\u0283\u025b\u02d0f\u0250\u02cch\u028ant -RSB- -RRB- is a breed of medium to large-sized working dog that originated in Germany . The breed 's officially recognized name is German Shepherd Dog in the English language -LRB- sometimes abbreviated as GSD -RRB- . The breed is also known as the Alsatian in Britain and Ireland . The German Shepherd is a relatively new breed of dog , with their origin dating to 1899 . As part of the Herding Group , German Shepherds are working dogs developed originally for herding sheep . Since that time however , because of their strength , intelligence , trainability , and obedience , German Shepherds around the world are often the preferred breed for many types of work , including disability assistance , search-and-rescue , police and military roles , and even acting . The German Shepherd is the second-most registered breed by the American Kennel Club and fourth-most registered breed by The Kennel Club in the United Kingdom .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Diego Costa was born in October.", "evidence": "Diego da Silva Costa -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8dje\u0263o \u00f0a \u02c8sil\u03b2a \u02c8kosta -RSB- , -LSB- \u02c8d\u0292je\u0261u d\u0250 \u02c8siwv\u0250 \u02c8k\u0254st\u0250 -RSB- ; born 7 October 1988 -RRB- , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team . He has been described by pundits as a talented striker whose main attributes are his physicality , goalscoring and ability to keep possession . Costa has been criticised and punished for several confrontations with opponents .   He began his career with Braga and Penafiel in Portugal , and was signed by Atl\u00e9tico Madrid in 2007 . He was loaned back to Braga , and then to Celta de Vigo and Albacete before being sold to Real Valladolid in 2009 . He returned to Atl\u00e9tico the following season and went on to play a key role in their attack , scoring 27 goals as they won the league title in 2014 , and then joined Chelsea for # 32 million . He scored 21 goals in his first season in England , winning the Premier League and League Cup .   Internationally , Costa played twice for his native Brazil in 2013 , but later declared his desire to represent Spain , having been granted Spanish citizenship in September 2013 . He made his debut for his adopted nation in March 2014 , and represented them at the 2014 FIFA World Cup .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ocean's Eight is a sequel to the Ocean's Trilogy.", "evidence": "Ocean 's Eight -LRB- stylized as Ocean 's 8 -RRB- is an upcoming American heist comedy film directed by Gary Ross from a script by Ross and co-writer Olivia Milch . It is both a sequel and an all-female spin-off of the Ocean 's Trilogy , and will be released on June 8 , 2018 , by Warner Bros. . Pictures . Principal photography on the film began on October 25 , 2016 , in New York City .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The United Kingdom includes Scotland.", "evidence": "The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe . Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.Although Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign state , two of its Overseas Territories also share land borders with other sovereign countries . Gibraltar shares a border with Spain , while the Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia share borders with the Republic of Cyprus , the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and the UN buffer zone separating the two Cypriot polities . Apart from this land border , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to its east , the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland . With an area of 242500 km2 , the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe . It is also the 21st-most populous country , with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants . Together , this makes it the fourth-most densely populated country in the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- .   The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of governance . The monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 6 February 1952 . The capital of the United Kingdom and its largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million , the fourth-largest in Europe and second-largest in the European Union . Other major urban areas in the United Kingdom include the conurbations centred on Birmingham , Leeds , Glasgow , Liverpool and Manchester . The United Kingdom consists of four countries -- England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland . The last three have devolved administrations , each with varying powers , based in their capitals , Edinburgh , Cardiff and Belfast , respectively . The nearby Isle of Man , Bailiwick of Guernsey and Bailiwick of Jersey are not part of the United Kingdom , being Crown dependencies with the British Government responsible for defence and international representation .   The relationships among the countries of the UK have changed over time . Wales was annexed by the Kingdom of England under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 . A treaty between England and Scotland resulted in 1707 in a unified Kingdom of Great Britain , which merged in 1801 with the Kingdom of Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . Five-sixths of Ireland seceded from the UK in 1922 , leaving the present formulation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.The Anglo-Irish Treaty was signed on 6 December 1921 to resolve the Irish War of Independence . When it took effect one year later , it established the Irish Free State as a separate dominion within the Commonwealth . The UK 's current name was adopted to reflect the change . There are fourteen British Overseas Territories . These are the remnants of the British Empire which , at its height in the 1920s , encompassed almost a quarter of the world 's land mass and was the largest empire in history . British influence can be observed in the language , culture and legal systems of many of its former colonies .   The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity . The UK is considered to have a high-income economy and is categorised as very high in the Human Development Index , ranking 16th in the world . It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries . The UK remains a great power with considerable economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence internationally . It is a recognised nuclear weapons state and is seventh in military expenditure in the world . The UK has been a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council since its first session in 1946 . It has been a leading member state of the EU and its predecessor , the European Economic Community -LRB- EEC -RRB- , since 1973 . However , on 23 June 2016 , a national referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU resulted in a decision to leave , and its exit from the EU is currently being negotiated . The UK is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , the Council of Europe , the G7 finance ministers , the G7 forum , the G20 , NATO , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , and the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "John Wick: Chapter 2 is a film.", "evidence": "John Wick : Chapter 2 is a 2017 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad . The second installment of the John Wick series , the plot follows hitman John Wick , who goes on the run after a bounty is placed on his head . It stars Keanu Reeves , Common , Laurence Fishburne , Riccardo Scamarcio , Ruby Rose , John Leguizamo and Ian McShane , and marks the first collaboration between Reeves and Fishburne since appearing together in The Matrix trilogy .   Principal photography began on October 26 , 2015 , in New York City . The film premiered in Los Angeles on January 30 , 2017 , and was theatrically released in the United States on February 10 , 2017 . It received positive reviews from critics and grossed $ 166 million worldwide , over four times its $ 40 million budget and nearly twice the $ 88 million gross of the original film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Europe is the location of Andorra.", "evidence": "Andorra -LRB- -LSB- \u00e6n\u02c8d\u0254 : r\u0259 -RSB- -LSB- \u0259n\u02c8dor\u0259 -RSB- , -LSB- an\u02c8d\u0254ra -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Principality of Andorra -LRB- Principat d'Andorra -RRB- , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra -LRB- -LSB- Principat de les Valls d'Andorra , links = no -RSB- -RRB- , is a sovereign landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France . Created under a charter in 988 , the present principality was formed in 1278 . It is known as a principality as it is a diarchy headed by two Co-Princes the Roman Catholic Bishop of Urgell in Spain , and the President of France .   Andorra is the sixth-smallest nation in Europe , having an area of 468 km2 -LRB- 181 sq mi -RRB- and a population of approximately 85,000 . Its capital Andorra la Vella is the highest capital city in Europe , at an elevation of 1,023 m above sea level . The official language is Catalan , although Spanish , Portuguese , and French are also commonly spoken .   Andorra 's tourism services an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually . It is not a member of the European Union , but the euro is the official currency . It has been a member of the United Nations since 1993 . In 2013 , the people of Andorra had the highest life expectancy in the world at 81 years , according to The Lancet .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Axl Rose has been named one of the greatest singers.", "evidence": "W. Axl Rose -LRB- born William Bruce Rose Jr. ; raised as William Bruce Bailey ; February 6 , 1962 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and musician . He is the lead vocalist of the hard rock band Guns N ' Roses , and has also been the band 's sole constant member since its inception in 1985 . In addition to Guns N ' Roses , he is also the current lead singer of AC/DC since 2016 . Due to his powerful and wide vocal range and energetic live performances , Rose has been named one of the greatest singers of all time by various media outlets , including Rolling Stone and NME .   Born and raised in Lafayette , Indiana , Rose moved to Los Angeles in the early 1980s , where he became active in the local hard rock scene and joined several bands , including Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns . In 1985 , he co-founded Guns N ' Roses , with whom he had great success and recognition in the late 1980s and early 1990s . Their first album , Appetite for Destruction -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , has sold in excess of 30 million copies worldwide , and is one of the best-selling debut albums of all time in the U.S. with 18 million units sold . Its full-length follow-ups , the twin albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , were also widely successful ; they respectively debuted at No. 2 and No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide .   After 1994 , following the conclusion of their two-and-a-half-year Use Your Illusion Tour , Rose disappeared from public life for several years , while the band disintegrated due to personal and musical differences . As its sole remaining original member , he was able to continue working under the Guns N ' Roses banner because he had legally obtained the band name . In 2001 , he resurfaced with a new line-up of Guns N ' Roses at Rock in Rio 3 , and subsequently played periodic concert tours to promote the long-delayed Chinese Democracy -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which undersold the music industry 's commercial expectations despite positive reviews upon its release . In 2012 , Rose was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Guns N ' Roses , though he declined to attend the event and requested exclusion from the Hall . In 2016 , Rose partially reunited the ` classic ' lineup of Guns N ' Roses and has since toured the world as part of the Not In This Lifetime ... Tour .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Steffi Graf won 5 consecutive majors.", "evidence": "Stefanie Maria `` Steffi '' Graf -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0283t\u025bfi\u02d0 \u02c8g\u0281a : f -RSB- ; born 14 June 1969 -RRB- is a German former tennis player , who was ranked world No. 1 during her career . Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles . Her 22 singles titles put her second on the list of Major wins by a tennis player -LRB- male or female -RRB- since the introduction of the Open Era in 1968 and is third all-time behind Margaret Court -LRB- 24 -RRB- and Serena Williams -LRB- 23 -RRB- . In 1988 , she became the first and only tennis player -LRB- male or female -RRB- to achieve the Golden Slam by winning all four Grand Slam singles titles and the Olympic gold medal in the same calendar year . Furthermore , she is the only tennis player to have won each Grand Slam event at least four times .   Graf was ranked world No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association -LRB- WTA -RRB- for a record 377 total weeks -- the longest period for which any player , male or female , has held the number-one ranking since the WTA and the Association of Tennis Professionals began issuing rankings . She won 107 singles titles , which ranks her third on the WTA 's all-time list after Martina Navratilova -LRB- 167 titles -RRB- and Chris Evert -LRB- 157 titles -RRB- . She and Margaret Court are the only players , male or female , to win three grand slams in a calendar year five times -LRB- 1988 , 1989 , 1993 , 1995 and 1996 -RRB- .   Notable features of Graf 's game were her versatility across all playing surfaces , footwork and her powerful forehand drive . Graf won six French Open singles titles -LRB- second to Evert -RRB- , seven Wimbledon singles titles , four Australian Open titles , and five U.S. Open singles titles . She is the only singles player -LRB- male or female -RRB- to have achieved a Grand Slam since hard court was introduced as a surface at the US Open in 1978 . Consequently , Graf 's Grand Slam was achieved on grass , clay , and hard court while the previous five Grand Slams were decided on only grass and clay . Graf reached thirteen consecutive Grand Slam singles finals , from the 1987 French Open through to the 1990 French Open , winning nine of them . She won 5 consecutive Majors -LRB- 1988 Australian Open to 1989 Australian Open -RRB- , and seven Majors out of eight , in two calendar years -LRB- 1988 Australian Open to 1989 US Open , except 1989 French Open -RRB- . She reached a total of 31 Grand Slam singles finals .   Graf is regarded by some to be the greatest female tennis player of all time . Navratilova included Graf on her list of great players . In 1999 Billie Jean King said `` Steffi is definitely the greatest women 's tennis player of all time '' . In December 1999 , Graf was named the greatest female tennis player of the 20th century by a panel of experts assembled by the Associated Press . Tennis writer Steve Flink , in his book The Greatest Tennis Matches of the Twentieth Century , named her as the best female player of the 20th century . In March 2012 , Tennis Channel picked Graf as the greatest female tennis player ever in their list of 100 greatest tennis players of all time .   Graf retired in 1999 while she was ranked World No. 3 . She married former World No. 1 men 's tennis player Andre Agassi in October 2001 . The couple has two children -- Jaden Gil and Jaz Elle . Graf was inducted into the Tennis Hall of Fame in 2004 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Garner had a starring role in the film Catch Me if You Can.", "evidence": "Jennifer Anne Garner -LRB- born April 17 , 1972 -RRB- is an American actress . Her breakthrough film debut was in the comedy Dude , Where 's My Car -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Following a supporting role in Pearl Harbor , Garner gained recognition for her performance as CIA officer Sydney Bristow in the ABC spy-action thriller Alias , which aired from 2001 to 2006 . For her work on the series , she won a Golden Globe Award and a SAG Award and received four Emmy Award nominations .   While working on Alias , Garner gained a cameo role in Catch Me if You Can -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , followed by a praised leading performance in the romantic comedy film 13 Going on 30 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . Garner has appeared in supporting as well as lead film roles including the superhero films Daredevil -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and Elektra -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , the comedy-drama Juno -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and the fantasy romantic comedy The Invention of Lying -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . In the 2010s , she appeared in the romantic-comedy film Valentine 's Day , the fantasy comedy-drama film The Odd Life of Timothy Green -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the biographical drama Dallas Buyers Club -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and the comedy Alexander and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Garner works frequently as an activist for early childhood education and is a board member of Save the Children . She is also an advocate for anti-paparazzi campaigns among children of celebrities . Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married . Garner married Ben Affleck in 2005 , with whom she has three children ; they separated in 2015 and filed for divorce in April 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Boromir is mentioned in the third and last volume of The Lord of the Rings.", "evidence": "Boromir is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium . He appears in the first two volumes of The Lord of the Rings -LRB- The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers -RRB- , and is mentioned in the last volume , The Return of the King .  He is the heir of Denethor II -LRB- the 26th Ruling Steward of Gondor -RRB- and the elder brother of Faramir . In the course of the story Boromir joins the Fellowship of the Ring .   Boromir is portrayed as a noble character who believes passionately in the greatness of his kingdom , who would have defended its people to the last . Boromir 's great stamina and physical strength , together with a forceful and commanding personality , made him a widely admired commander in Gondor 's army : he was made Captain of the White Tower , and quickly became Captain-General , also bearing the title High Warden of the White Tower . He was also heir apparent to the Stewardship . Boromir led many successful forays against Sauron 's forces , prior to his journey north to Rivendell , which brought him great esteem in the eyes of his father , Denethor .  The Return of the King is the third and final volume of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Lord of the Rings , following The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers . The story begins in the kingdom of Gondor , which is soon to be attacked by the Dark Lord Sauron .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paul Simon is an actor.", "evidence": "Paul Frederic Simon -LRB- born October 13 , 1941 -RRB- is an American musician , singer-songwriter and actor . Simon 's fame , influence , and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel , formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel . Simon wrote nearly all of the pair 's songs , including three that reached No. 1 on the U.S. singles charts : `` The Sound of Silence '' , `` Mrs. Robinson '' , and `` Bridge over Troubled Water '' .   The duo split up in 1970 at the height of their popularity and Simon began a successful solo career as a guitarist and singer-songwriter , recording three highly acclaimed albums over the next five years . In 1986 , he released Graceland , an album inspired by South African township music , which sold 14 million copies worldwide on its release and remains his most popular solo work . Simon also wrote and starred in the film One-Trick Pony -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and co-wrote the Broadway musical The Capeman -LRB- 1998 -RRB- with the poet Derek Walcott . On June 3 , 2016 , Simon released his 13th solo album , titled Stranger to Stranger , which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Album Chart and the UK charts .   Simon has earned sixteen Grammys for his solo and collaborative work , including three for Album of the Year -LRB- Bridge Over Troubled Water , Still Crazy After All These Years , Graceland -RRB- , and a Lifetime Achievement Award . In 2001 , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and in 2006 was selected as one of the `` 100 People Who Shaped the World '' by Time magazine . In 2011 , Rolling Stone magazine named Simon as one of the 100 Greatest Guitarists . In 2015 , he was named as one of the 100 Greatest Songwriters by Rolling Stone . Among many other honors , Simon was the first recipient of the Library of Congress 's Gershwin Prize for Popular Song in 2007 . In 1986 , Simon was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Music degree from Berklee College of Music , where he currently serves on the Board of Trustees .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Game of Thrones (season 3) is a drama set in a fantasy world.", "evidence": "The third season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered in the United States on HBO on March 31 , 2013 , and concluded on June 9 , 2013 . It was broadcast on Sunday at 9:00 pm in the United States , consisting of 10 episodes , each running approximately 50 -- 60 minutes . The season is based roughly on the first half of A Storm of Swords -LRB- the third of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels by George R. R. Martin , of which the series is an adaptation -RRB- . The series is adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss . HBO renewed the series for a third season on April 10 , 2012 , nine days after the second season 's premiere . Production began in July 2012 . The show was filmed primarily in Ireland , Northern Ireland , Croatia , Iceland and Morocco .   The story takes place in a fictional world , primarily upon a continent called Westeros , with one storyline occurring on another continent to the east known as Essos . Like the novel , the season follows the climatic battle at Kings Landing . Season three like the previous season mainly centres around the war of the five kings ; after the death of Renly Baratheon -LRB- Gethin Anthony -RRB- , all four kings in Westeros believes to have a claim to the Iron Throne , besides Robb Stark -LRB- Richard Madden -RRB- , who seeks vengeance for the death of his father , Lord Eddard `` Ned '' Stark -LRB- Sean Bean -RRB- .   Game of Thrones features a large ensemble cast , including Peter Dinklage , Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , Lena Headey , Emilia Clarke and Kit Harington . The season introduced a number of new cast members , including Ciar\u00e1n Hinds , Nathalie Emmanuel and Iwan Rheon .   Critics praised the show 's production values and cast . Viewership yet again rose compared to the previous season . It won 2 of the 16 Emmy Awards for which it was nominated , it received a nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series -LRB- Dinklage -RRB- , Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series -LRB- Clarke -RRB- and Outstanding Drama Series . It also won the Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Drama Series .  Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss . It is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire , George R. R. Martin 's series of fantasy novels , the first of which is A Game of Thrones . It is filmed at Titanic Studios in Belfast , on location in the United Kingdom , and in Canada , Croatia , Iceland , Malta , Morocco , Spain , and the United States . The series premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17 , 2011 , and its sixth season ended on June 26 , 2016 . The series was renewed for a seventh season , which is scheduled to premiere on July 16 , 2017 , and will conclude with its eighth season in 2018 .   Set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos , Game of Thrones has several plot lines and a large ensemble cast . The first story arc follows a dynastic conflict among competing claimants for succession to the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms , with other noble families fighting for independence from the throne . The second covers attempts to reclaim the throne by the exiled last scion of the realm 's deposed ruling dynasty ; the third chronicles the threat of the impending winter and the legendary creatures and fierce peoples of the North .   Game of Thrones has attracted record viewership on HBO and has a broad , active , international fan base . It has been acclaimed by critics , particularly for its acting , complex characters , story , scope , and production values , although its frequent use of nudity and violence -LRB- including sexual violence -RRB- has attracted criticism . The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series . Its other awards and nominations include three Hugo Awards for Best Dramatic Presentation -LRB- 2012 -- 2014 -RRB- , a 2011 Peabody Award , and four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama -LRB- 2012 and 2015 -- 2017 -RRB- . Of the ensemble cast , Peter Dinklage has won two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series -LRB- 2011 and 2015 -RRB- and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Series , Miniseries or Television Film -LRB- 2012 -RRB- for his performance as Tyrion Lannister . Lena Headey , Emilia Clarke , Kit Harington , Maisie Williams , Diana Rigg , and Max von Sydow have also received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for their performances in the series .  Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss . It is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire , George R. R. Martin 's series of fantasy novels , the first of which is A Game of Thrones . It is filmed at Titanic Studios in Belfast , on location in the United Kingdom , and in Canada , Croatia , Iceland , Malta , Morocco , Spain , and the United States . The series premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17 , 2011 , and its sixth season ended on June 26 , 2016 . The series was renewed for a seventh season , which is scheduled to premiere on July 16 , 2017 , and will conclude with its eighth season in 2018 .   Set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos , Game of Thrones has several plot lines and a large ensemble cast . The first story arc follows a dynastic conflict among competing claimants for succession to the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms , with other noble families fighting for independence from the throne . The second covers attempts to reclaim the throne by the exiled last scion of the realm 's deposed ruling dynasty ; the third chronicles the threat of the impending winter and the legendary creatures and fierce peoples of the North .   Game of Thrones has attracted record viewership on HBO and has a broad , active , international fan base . It has been acclaimed by critics , particularly for its acting , complex characters , story , scope , and production values , although its frequent use of nudity and violence -LRB- including sexual violence -RRB- has attracted criticism . The series has received 38 Primetime Emmy Awards , including Outstanding Drama Series in 2015 and 2016 , more than any other primetime scripted television series . Its other awards and nominations include three Hugo Awards for Best Dramatic Presentation -LRB- 2012 -- 2014 -RRB- , a 2011 Peabody Award , and four nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama -LRB- 2012 and 2015 -- 2017 -RRB- . Of the ensemble cast , Peter Dinklage has won two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series -LRB- 2011 and 2015 -RRB- and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor -- Series , Miniseries or Television Film -LRB- 2012 -RRB- for his performance as Tyrion Lannister . Lena Headey , Emilia Clarke , Kit Harington , Maisie Williams , Diana Rigg , and Max von Sydow have also received Primetime Emmy Award nominations for their performances in the series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Taiwan's high-tech industry plays a key role in the local economy.", "evidence": "Taiwan -LRB- -LSB- ta\u026a\u02c8w\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- , is a state in East Asia . Its neighbours include China -LRB- officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC -RRB- to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .  Taiwan is the most populous state that is not a member of the United Nations , and also possesses the largest economy of any state outside of the UN .   The island of Taiwan , also known as Formosa , was mainly inhabited by Taiwanese aborigines before the 17th century , when Dutch and Spanish colonies opened the island to Han Chinese immigration . After a brief rule by the Kingdom of Tungning , the island was annexed by the Qing dynasty , the last dynasty of China . The Qing ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 after the Sino-Japanese War . While Taiwan was under Japanese rule , the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- was established on the mainland in 1912 after the fall of the Qing dynasty . Following the Japanese surrender to the Allies in 1945 , the ROC took control of Taiwan . However , the resumption of the Chinese Civil War led to the ROC 's loss of the mainland to the Communists , and the flight of the ROC government to Taiwan in 1949 . Although the ROC continued to claim to be the legitimate government of China , its effective jurisdiction since 1949 has been limited to Taiwan and its surrounding islands , with the main island making up 99 % of its de facto territory . As a founding member of the United Nations , the ROC continued to represent China at the United Nations until 1971 , when the PRC assumed China 's seat , causing the ROC to lose its UN membership .   In the early 1960s , Taiwan entered a period of rapid economic growth and industrialization , creating a stable industrial economy . In the 1980s and early 1990s , it changed from a one-party military dictatorship dominated by the Kuomintang to a multi-party democracy with a semi-presidential system . Taiwan is the 22nd-largest economy in the world , and its high-tech industry plays a key role in the global economy . It is ranked highly in terms of freedom of the press , healthcare , public education , economic freedom , and human development . The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most highly educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree .   The PRC has consistently claimed sovereignty over Taiwan and asserted the ROC is no longer in legitimate existence . Under its One-China Policy the PRC refused diplomatic relations with any country that recognizes the ROC . Today only a few smaller nations recognize the ROC as the sole legal representative of China , but many other states maintain unofficial ties through representative offices and institutions that function as de facto embassies and consulates . Although Taiwan is fully self-governing , most international organizations in which the PRC participates either refuse to grant membership to Taiwan or allow it to participate only as a non-state actor . Internally , the major division in politics is between the aspirations of eventual Chinese unification or Taiwanese independence , though both sides have moderated their positions to broaden their appeal . The PRC has threatened the use of military force in response to any formal declaration of independence by Taiwan or if PRC leaders decide that peaceful unification is no longer possible .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "London has an elected official.", "evidence": "London -LSB- \u02c8l\u028cnd\u0259n -RSB- is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . It was founded by the Romans , who named it Londinium . London 's ancient core , the City of London , largely retains its 1.12 sqmi medieval boundaries . Since at least the 19th century , `` London '' has also referred to the metropolis around this core , historically split between Middlesex , Essex , Surrey , Kent , and Hertfordshire , which today largely makes up Greater London , See also : Independent city \u00a7 National capitals . governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.The London Mayor is not to be confused with the Lord Mayor of London who heads the City of London Corporation , which administers the City of London .   London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation . It is crowned as the world 's largest financial centre and has the fifth - or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world.Rankings of cities by metropolitan area GDP can vary as a result of differences in the definition of the boundaries and population sizes of the areas compared , exchange rate fluctuations and the method used to calculate output . London and Paris are of broadly similar size in terms of total economic output which can result in third party sources varying as to which is the fifth-largest city GDP in the world . A report by the McKinsey Global Institute published in 2012 estimated that London had a city GDP of US$ 751.8 billion in 2010 , compared to US$ 764.2 billion for Paris , making them respectively the sixth - and fifth-largest in the world . A report by PricewaterhouseCoopers published in November 2009 estimated that London had a city GDP measured in purchasing power parity of US$ 565 billion in 2008 , compared to US$ 564 billion for Paris , making them respectively the fifth - and sixth-largest in the world . The McKinsey Global Institute study used a metropolitan area with a population of 14.9 million for London compared to 11.8 million for Paris , whilst the PricewaterhouseCoopers study used a metropolitan area with a population of 8.59 million for London compared to 9.92 million for Paris . London is a world cultural capital . It is the world 's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world 's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic . London is the world 's leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city . London 's universities form the largest concentration of higher education institutes in Europe . In 2012 , London became the first city to have hosted the modern Summer Olympic Games three times .   London has a diverse range of people and cultures , and more than 300 languages are spoken in the region . Its estimated mid-2015 municipal population -LRB- corresponding to Greater London -RRB- was 8,673,713 , the largest of any city in the European Union , and accounting for 12.5 % of the UK population . London 's urban area is the second most populous in the EU , after Paris , with 9,787,426 inhabitants at the 2011 census . The city 's metropolitan area is the most populous in the EU with 13,879,757 inhabitants , while the Greater London Authority states the population of the city-region -LRB- covering a large part of the south east -RRB- as 22.7 million .  London was the world 's most populous city from around 1831 to 1925 .   London contains four World Heritage Sites : the Tower of London ; Kew Gardens ; the site comprising the Palace of Westminster , Westminster Abbey , and St Margaret 's Church ; and the historic settlement of Greenwich -LRB- in which the Royal Observatory , Greenwich marks the Prime Meridian , 0 \u00b0 longitude , and GMT -RRB- . Other famous landmarks include Buckingham Palace , the London Eye , Piccadilly Circus , St Paul 's Cathedral , Tower Bridge , Trafalgar Square , and The Shard . London is home to numerous museums , galleries , libraries , sporting events , and other cultural institutions , including the British Museum , National Gallery , Natural History Museum , Tate Modern , British Library , and West End theatres . The London Underground is the oldest underground railway network in the world .  The Mayor of London is an elected politician who , along with the London Assembly of 25 members , is accountable for the strategic government of Greater London . The current mayor is Sadiq Khan , who took up office on 9 May 2016 . The position had been held by Ken Livingstone from the creation of the role on 4 May 2000 , until he was defeated in May 2008 by Boris Johnson , who served two terms before being succeeded by Khan .   The role , created in 2000 after the London devolution referendum in 1998 , was the first directly elected mayor in the United Kingdom .   The Mayor of London is the mayor of the entirety of Greater London , including the City of London , for which there is also the ceremonial Lord Mayor of the City of London . Each London Borough also has a ceremonial mayor or , in Hackney , Lewisham , Newham or Tower Hamlets , an elected mayor .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bill Gates was the largest individual shareholder of Microsoft.", "evidence": "William Henry Gates III -LRB- born October 28 , 1955 -RRB- is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .   In 1975 , Gates and Paul Allen co-founded Microsoft , which became the world 's largest PC software company . During his career at Microsoft , Gates held the positions of chairman , CEO and chief software architect , while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014 . Gates stepped down as chief executive officer of Microsoft in January 2000 , but he remained as chairman and created the position of chief software architect for himself . In June 2006 , Gates announced that he would be transitioning from full-time work at Microsoft to part-time work and full-time work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . He gradually transferred his duties to Ray Ozzie and Craig Mundie . He stepped down as chairman of Microsoft in February 2014 , taking on a new post as technology adviser to support the then newly appointed CEO Satya Nadella .   Gates is one of the best-known entrepreneurs of the personal computer revolution . He has been criticized for his business tactics , which have been considered anti-competitive , an opinion that has in some cases been upheld by numerous court rulings . Later in his career , Gates pursued a number of philanthropic endeavors , donating large amounts of money to various charitable organizations and scientific research programs through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , established in 2000 .   Since 1987 , Gates has been included in the Forbes list of the world 's wealthiest people . Gates is the richest person in the world , with an estimated net worth of US$ 88.5 billion . In 2009 , Gates and Warren Buffett founded The Giving Pledge , whereby they and other billionaires pledge to give at least half of their wealth to philanthropy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The phalanx may be deployed for killing.", "evidence": "The phalanx -LRB- \u03c6\u03ac\u03bb\u03b1\u03b3\u03be plural phalanxes or phalanges , \u03c6\u03ac\u03bb\u03b1\u03b3\u03b3\u03b5\u03c2 , phalanges -RRB- was a rectangular mass military formation , usually composed entirely of heavy infantry armed -RSB- s , pikes , sarissas , or similar weapons . The term is particularly -LRB- and originally -RRB- used to describe the use of this formation in Ancient Greek warfare , although the ancient Greek writers used it to also describe any massed infantry formation , regardless of its equipment , as does Arrian in his Array against the Alans when he refers to his legions . In Greek texts , the phalanx may be deployed for battle , on the march , even camped , thus describing the mass of infantry or cavalry that would deploy in line during battle . They marched forward as one entity . The word phalanx is derived from the Greek word phalangos , meaning finger .   The term itself , as used today , does not refer to a distinctive military unit or division -LRB- e.g. , the Roman legion or the contemporary Western-type battalion -RRB- , but to the general formation of an army 's troops . Thus a phalanx does not have a standard combat strength or composition but includes the total number of infantry , which is or will be deployed in action in a single phalanx formation .   Many spear-armed troops historically fought in what might be termed phalanx-like formations . The word has come into use in common English to describe `` a group of people standing , or moving forward closely together '' ; c.f. `` a phalanx of police '' .   This article focuses on the use of the military phalanx formation in Ancient Greece , the Hellenistic world , and other ancient states heavily influenced by Greek civilization .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Robbie Collin edited The Saint.", "evidence": "Robbie Collin is a British film critic .   Collin studied aesthetics and the philosophy of film at the University of St Andrews , Scotland , He edited the university 's student newspaper , The Saint .   Collin is chief film critic at The Daily Telegraph . From 2007 to 2009 he wrote a weekly film column for the News of the World until the newspaper 's closure in July 2011 . That year he was shortlisted for Critic of the Year at the British Press Awards .  He appeared on the Channel 4 Vue Film Show , presented by Edith Bowman , and contributed to the BBC Radio 2 Arts Show with Claudia Winkleman . In August 2013 he guest presented BBC Radio 4 's Film programme . In August 2014 , February 2015 , July -- August 2015 , February 2016 and in April 2016 he guest presented Kermode and Mayo 's Film Review , also with Edith Bowman .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Christianity failed to spread to Australasia.", "evidence": "ChristianityFrom Ancient Greek \u03a7\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03cc\u03c2 , Khrist\u00f3s -LRB- Latinized as Christus -RRB- , translating Hebrew \u05de\u05b8\u05e9\u05b4\u05c1\u05d9\u05d7\u05b7 , M\u0101\u0161\u00ee\u0103\u1e25 , meaning `` the anointed one '' , with the Latin suffixes - ian and - itas . is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ , who serves as the focal point for the religion . It is the world 's largest religion , with over 2.4 billion followers , or 33 % of the global population , known as Christians . Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah -LRB- the Christ -RRB- was prophesied in the Old Testament .   Christian theology is summarized in creeds such as the Apostles ' Creed and Nicene Creed . These professions of faith state that Jesus suffered , died , was buried , descended into hell , and rose from the dead , in order to grant eternal life to those who believe in him and trust in him for the remission of their sins . The creeds further maintain that Jesus bodily ascended into heaven , where he reigns with God the Father in the unity of the Holy Spirit , and that he will return to judge the living and the dead and grant eternal life to his followers . His incarnation , earthly ministry , crucifixion and resurrection are often referred to as `` the gospel '' , meaning `` good news '' . `` Good news '' is a translation of the Ancient Greek term \u03b5\u1f50\u03b1\u03b3\u03b3\u03ad\u03bb\u03b9\u03bf\u03bd euang\u00e9lion , from which the terms evangelical and evangelism derive . The term gospel also refers to written accounts of Jesus 's life and teaching , four of which -- Matthew , Mark , Luke and John -- are considered canonical and included in the Christian Bible .   Christianity is an Abrahamic religion that began as a Second Temple Judaic sect in the mid-1st century . Originating in Judea , it quickly spread to Europe , Syria , Mesopotamia , Asia Minor , Transcaucasia , Egypt , Ethiopia and India , and by the end of the 4th century had become the official state church of the Roman Empire . Following the Age of Discovery , Christianity spread to the Americas , Australasia , sub-Saharan Africa and the rest of the world through missionary work and colonization . Christianity has played a prominent role in the shaping of Western civilization .   Throughout its history , Christianity has weathered schisms and theological disputes that have resulted in many distinct churches and denominations . Worldwide , the three largest branches of Christianity are the Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox Church and the various denominations of Protestantism . The Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches broke communion with each other in the East -- West Schism of 1054 ; Protestantism came into existence in the Reformation of the 16th century , splitting from the Catholic Church .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Feels So Good was written for the album Hot.", "evidence": "`` Feels So Good '' is a song by British recording artist Melanie B . It was written along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for her debut solo album Hot -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and released as the album 's second single on 19 February 2001 . In the United Kingdom , it peaked and debuted at number 5 , selling 55,000 copies in its first week and 140,331 altogether , thus becoming the 80th best seller of 2001 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Deadpool is not part of a film series.", "evidence": "Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film directed by Tim Miller and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name . It is the eighth installment and a spin-off in the X-Men film series , and stars Ryan Reynolds as the titular character , as well as Morena Baccarin , Ed Skrein , T. J. Miller , Gina Carano , Leslie Uggams , Brianna Hildebrand , and Stefan Kapi\u010di\u0107 . In the film , antihero Deadpool hunts the man who nearly destroyed his life while also trying to reunite with his lost love .   Development began in February 2004 with New Line Cinema , but moved in March 2005 to 20th Century Fox who bought the film rights . In May 2009 , after Reynolds portrayed the character in X-Men Origins : Wolverine , to the general disappointment of fans , Fox lent the film to writers , and Miller was hired for his directorial debut in April 2011 . Enthusiastic acclaim for leaked CGI test footage by Miller in July 2014 led to Fox greenlighting the film in September . Additional casting began in early 2015 , and principal photography commenced in Vancouver from March to May .   Deadpool premiered in Paris on February 8 , 2016 , and was released on February 12 in the United States in IMAX , DLP , D-Box , and premium large format . Critics praised Reynolds ' performance as well as the film 's style , faithful depiction of the titular character , and action sequences , but criticized its plot as formulaic . It received various awards and nominations , including two Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy and Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy , and a Producers Guild of America Award nomination for Best Theatrical Motion Picture . It also won two Critics ' Choice Movie Awards for Best Comedy and Best Actor in a Comedy .   The film was also a significant commercial success , grossing over $ 783million worldwide and breaking numerous box-office records , becoming the ninth highest-grossing film of 2016 , the highest-grossing R-rated film of all time when unadjusted for inflation , and the highest-grossing X-Men film . Shortly after the film 's success , Fox ordered development of a sequel scheduled to be released on June 1 , 2018 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Evolution was by someone born in May.", "evidence": "Evolution is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records . Carpenter began recording the album in 2015 after releasing her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open .  Sabrina Ann Lynn Carpenter -LRB- born May 11 , 1999 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter and actress . She had a recurring role as the young version of Chloe Goodwin in The Goodwin Games and starred as Maya Hart in the Disney Channel series Girl Meets World . She is signed to Hollywood Records . Her debut EP Ca n't Blame a Girl for Trying was released in 2014 , and she has since released two full-length albums : Eyes Wide Open -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Evolution -LRB- 2016 -RRB-  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kmart has stores in operation in an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States.", "evidence": "Kmart Corporation -LRB- sometimes stylized as K-Mart -RRB- is a chain of big box department stores headquartered in Hoffman Estates , Illinois , United States . The chain purchased Sears for $ 11 billion in 2005 , forming a new corporation under the name Sears Holdings Corporation . The Kmart name was incorporated in 1916 while the first store did n't open its doors until 1962 . At its peak in 2000 , Kmart operated 2,171 stores including 105 `` Super Center '' locations . For the 2005 fiscal year under the new company , the Kmart store count was at 1,416 with only 55 `` Super Center '' locations . Currently , the chain is operating 734 stores with only 1 `` Super Center '' location remaining -LRB- Store # 4939 in Warren , OH -RRB- . This number will decrease further due to the previously announced closings that will take place in Q1 2017 .   It operates stores in 49 states , Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands , and Guam -LRB- which houses the world 's largest Kmart -RRB- . It also used to operate stores in Canada , Mexico , and Eastern Europe .   Kmart became known for its `` Blue Light Specials '' : they occurred at surprise moments when a store worker would light up a mobile police light and offer a discount in a specific department of the store , while announcing the discounted special over the store 's public address system . At the height of Kmart 's popularity , the phrase `` Attention Kmart shoppers ! '' entered into the American pop psyche , appearing in films and other media such as Troop Beverly Hills , Six Days Seven Nights , Rain Man , Beetlejuice , Madea Goes to Jail , and Dawn of the Dead .   Kmart 's world headquarters were located in Troy , Michigan , in Metro Detroit , but since the purchase of Sears , it has been relocated to Hoffman Estates , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago . Kmart also exists in Australia and New Zealand -LRB- see Kmart Australia -RRB- , although it now has no relation to the American stores except in name , after U.S. equity in the Australian business was purchased in the late 1970s .  Puerto Rico -LRB- Spanish for `` Rich Port '' -RRB- , officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico -LRB- Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico , `` Free Associated State of Puerto Rico '' -RRB- and briefly called Porto Rico , is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea .   It is an archipelago that includes the main island of Puerto Rico and a number of smaller ones such as Mona , Culebra , and Vieques . The capital and most populous city is San Juan . Its official languages are Spanish and English , though Spanish predominates . The island 's population is approximately 3.4 million . Puerto Rico 's rich history , tropical climate , diverse natural scenery , traditional cuisine , and attractive tax incentives make it a popular destination for travelers from around the world .   Originally populated by the indigenous Ta\u00edno people , the island was claimed in 1493 by Christopher Columbus for the Crown of Castile , and it later endured invasion attempts from the French , Dutch , and British . Four centuries of Spanish colonial government transformed the island 's ethnic , cultural and physical landscapes primarily with waves of African slaves , and Canarian , and Andalusian settlers . In the Spanish imperial imagination , Puerto Rico played a secondary , but strategic role when compared to wealthier colonies like Peru and Mexico . Such a distant administrative control continued right up until the end of the 19th century helping to produce a distinctive creole Hispanic culture and language that combined elements from the Natives , Africans , and Iberian people . In 1898 , following the Spanish -- American War , the United States appropriated Puerto Rico together with most former Spanish colonies under the terms of the Treaty of Paris .   Puerto Ricans are considered natural-born citizens of the United States . However , Puerto Rico does not have a vote in the United States Congress , which governs the territory with full jurisdiction under the Puerto Rico Federal Relations Act of 1950 . As a U.S. territory , American citizens residing on the island are disenfranchised at the national level and may not vote for president and vice president of the United States . However , Congress approved a local constitution , allowing U.S. citizens on the territory to elect a governor . A 2012 referendum showed a majority -LRB- 54 % of those who voted -RRB- disagreed with `` the present form of territorial status '' , with full statehood as the preferred option among those who voted for a change of status , although a significant number of people did not answer the second question from the referendum . A fifth referendum will be held in June 2017 , and `` Statehood '' and `` Independence/Free Association '' were initially the only available options . However , at the recommendation of the Department of Justice , a `` current territorial status '' option will be added .   In early 2017 , the Puerto Rican government-debt crisis posed serious problems for the government . The outstanding bond debt had climbed to $ 70 billion at a time with 12.4 % unemployment . The debt had been increasing during a decade long recession . This was the second major financial crisis to affect the island after the Great Depression when the U.S. government , in 1935 , provided relief efforts through the Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration . On May 3 , 2017 , Puerto Rico 's financial oversight board in the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico filed the debt restructuring petition which was made under Title III of PROMESA .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties, including ancient Carthaginians.", "evidence": "Algeria -LRB- \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0632\u0627\u0626\u0631 ; \u2d37\u2d63\u2d30\u2d62\u2d3b\u2d54 , Dzayer ; Alg\u00e9rie -RRB- , officially the People 's Democratic Republic of Algeria , is a sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast . Its capital and most populous city is Algiers , located in the country 's far north . With an area of 2381741 km2 , Algeria is the tenth-largest country in the world , and the largest in Africa . Algeria is bordered to the northeast by Tunisia , to the east by Libya , to the west by Morocco , to the southwest by the Western Saharan territory , Mauritania , and Mali , to the southeast by Niger , and to the north by the Mediterranean Sea . The country is a semi-presidential republic consisting of 48 provinces and 1,541 communes -LRB- counties -RRB- . Abdelaziz Bouteflika has been President since 1999 .   Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties , including ancient Numidians , Phoenicians , Carthaginians , Romans , Vandals , Byzantines , Umayyads , Abbasids , Idrisid , Aghlabid , Rustamid , Fatimids , Zirid , Hammadids , Almoravids , Almohads , Spaniards , Ottomans and the French colonial empire . Berbers are the indigenous inhabitants of Algeria .   Algeria is a regional and middle power . The North African country supplies large amounts of natural gas to Europe , and energy exports are the backbone of the economy . According to OPEC Algeria has the 16th largest oil reserves in the world and the second largest in Africa , while it has the 9th largest reserves of natural gas . Sonatrach , the national oil company , is the largest company in Africa . Algeria has one of the largest militaries in Africa and the largest defence budget on the continent ; most of Algeria 's weapons are imported from Russia , with whom they are a close ally . Algeria is a member of the African Union , the Arab League , OPEC , the United Nations and is the founding member of the Maghreb Union .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Clint Eastwood has been in films.", "evidence": "Clinton Eastwood Jr. '' ' -LRB- born May 31 , 1930 -RRB- is an American actor , filmmaker , musician , and political figure . After achieving success in the Western TV series Rawhide , he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s , and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five Dirty Harry films throughout the 1970s and 1980s . These roles , among others , have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity .   For his work in the Western film Unforgiven -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and the sports drama Million Dollar Baby -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture , as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor . Eastwood 's greatest commercial successes have been the adventure comedy Every Which Way But Loose -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and its sequel , the action comedy Any Which Way You Can -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , after adjustment for inflation . Other popular films include the Western Hang 'Em High -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , the psychological thriller Play Misty for Me -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , the crime film Thunderbolt and Lightfoot -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , the Western The Outlaw Josey Wales -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , the prison film Escape from Alcatraz -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , the action film Firefox -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , the suspense thriller Tightrope -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , the Western Pale Rider -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the war films Where Eagles Dare -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , Heartbreak Ridge -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , the action thriller In the Line of Fire -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , the romantic drama The Bridges of Madison County -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , and the drama Gran Torino -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .   In addition to directing many of his own star vehicles , Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear , such as the mystery drama Mystic River -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and the war film Letters from Iwo Jima -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , for which he received Academy Award nominations , and the drama Changeling -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . The war drama biopic American Sniper '' -LRB- 2014 -RRB- set box office records for the largest January release ever and was also the largest opening ever for an Eastwood film .   Eastwood received considerable critical praise in France for several films , including some that were not well received in the United States . Eastwood has been awarded two of France 's highest honors : in 1994 he became a recipient of the Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres , and in 2007 he was awarded the Legion of Honour medal . In 2000 , Eastwood was awarded the Italian Venice Film Festival Golden Lion for lifetime achievement .   Since 1967 , Eastwood has run his own production company , Malpaso , which has produced all but four of his American films . Starting in 1986 , Eastwood served for two years as Mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea , California , a non-partisan office .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling is a wrestling promotion for women.", "evidence": "Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling , also known as GLOW or G.L.O.W. , is a women 's professional wrestling promotion begun in 1986 -LRB- the pilot was filmed in December 1985 -RRB- and continued in various forms after it left television . Colorful characters , strong women and over-the-top comedy sketches were integral to the series ' success . Most of the performers were actresses , models , dancers and/or stunt women hoping to get into show business through wrestling .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gustave Eiffel made significant contributions to aerodynamics.", "evidence": "Alexandre Gustave Eiffel -LRB- born B\u00f6nickhausen ; -LSB- \u02c8a\u026af\u0259l -RSB- -LSB- \u025bf\u025bl -RSB- ; 15 December 1832 -- 27 December 1923 -RRB- was a French civil engineer and architect . A graduate of \u00c9cole Centrale Paris , he made his name with various bridges for the French railway network , most famously the Garabit viaduct . He is best known for the world-famous Eiffel Tower , built for the 1889 Universal Exposition in Paris , and his contribution to building the Statue of Liberty in New York . After his retirement from engineering , Eiffel focused on research into meteorology and aerodynamics , and making significant contributions in both fields .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Idris Elba has been nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award in acting.", "evidence": "Idrissa Akuna `` Idris '' Elba , -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u026adr\u1d7bs_\u02c8\u025blb\u0259 -RSB- born 6 September 1972 -RRB- is an English actor , musician , and DJ . He is known for playing druglord Russell `` Stringer '' Bell on the HBO series The Wire , Detective John Luther on the BBC One series Luther , and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . He has been nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film , winning one , and was nominated five times for a Primetime Emmy Award .   Elba has appeared in films such as Ridley Scott 's American Gangster -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Takers -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Thor -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Prometheus -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Pacific Rim -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , Thor : The Dark World -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Beasts of No Nation -LRB- 2015 , for which he received BAFTA and Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actor -RRB- , and Star Trek Beyond -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . In 2016 , he also voiced Chief Bogo in Zootopia , Shere Khan in The Jungle Book , and Fluke in Finding Dory . He will make his directorial debut with an adaptation of 1992 novel Yardie by Victor Headley .   In addition to his acting work , Elba is a DJ under the moniker DJ Big Driis -LRB- or Big Driis the Londoner -RRB- and hip hop soul musician . In 2016 , he was named in the Time 100 list of the Most Influential People in the World .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paul Rudd passed up the role he was offered in Role Models.", "evidence": "Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino . It is about two energy drink salesmen who are ordered to perform 150 hours of community service as punishment for various offenses . For their service , the two men work at a program designed to pair kids with adult role models . The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Twelfth Doctor is capable of superhuman abilities.", "evidence": "The Twelfth Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor , the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who . He is portrayed by Scottish actor Peter Capaldi . Within the series ' narrative , the Doctor is a time travelling , humanoid alien from a race known as the Time Lords . When the Doctor is critically injured , he can regenerate his body , and in doing so gain a new physical appearance , and with it a distinct new personality ; this plot mechanism has allowed the Doctor to be portrayed by a series of actors over the decades since the programme 's inception in 1963 . Capaldi 's portrayal of the Doctor is a spiky , brusque , contemplative , and pragmatic character who conceals his emotions in the course of making tough and sometimes ruthless decisions .   Capaldi made his first , very brief appearance as the Doctor in the show 's fiftieth anniversary special `` The Day of the Doctor '' -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , as one of the thirteen incarnations of the Doctor who are summoned to save Gallifrey from destruction . Capaldi 's first full appearance as the Doctor was at the end of the 2013 Christmas special `` The Time of the Doctor '' . He is accompanied in the eighth and ninth series by companion Clara Oswald -LRB- Jenna Coleman -RRB- . He also appeared in `` For Tonight We Might Die '' , the first episode of the 2016 spin-off series Class . In the tenth series of Doctor Who , he is accompanied by two new companions : Nardole -LRB- Matt Lucas -RRB- and Bill Potts -LRB- Pearl Mackie -RRB- . On 30 January 2017 , Capaldi announced he would be leaving the programme , with the 2017 Christmas episode being his last .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Happy Endings had Lisa Kudrow in it.", "evidence": "Lisa Valerie Kudrow -LRB- -LSB- ` ku\u02d0dro\u028a -RSB- born July 30 , 1963 -RRB- is an American actress , comedian , writer and producer . She gained worldwide recognition for her ten-season run as Phoebe Buffay and Ursula Buffay on the television sitcom Friends , for which she received many accolades , including six Emmy Award nominations , winning once in 1998 , and twelve Screen Actors Guild Award nominations , winning twice in 1996 and 2000 .   She went on to produce , write and star in the 2005 HBO series The Comeback , which was revived nine years later and began airing its second season in November 2014 . She received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for both seasons , in 2006 and 2015 respectively . She also starred in Web Therapy , which aired for four seasons on Showtime . As a producer of the series , she was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class -- Short-Format Live-Action Entertainment Program for the show in 2012 . She is also one of the executive producers of the TLC reality program Who Do You Think You Are and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Program for the series in 2012 and 2014 .   Away from television , Kudrow has also appeared in many films , including Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , The Opposite of Sex -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Analyze This -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and its sequel Analyze That -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Dr. Dolittle 2 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Wonderland -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Happy Endings -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , P.S. I Love You -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bandslam -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Hotel for Dogs -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Easy A -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Neighbors -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , its sequel Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising -LRB- 2016 -RRB- and The Girl on the Train -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Grace VanderWaal won the NBC TV competition show America's Got Talent.", "evidence": "Grace Avery VanderWaal -LRB- born January 15 , 2004 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter from Suffern , New York . In September 2016 , at age 12 , she won the eleventh season of the NBC TV competition show America 's Got Talent -LRB- AGT -RRB- . She soon signed a record deal with Columbia Records and released her first EP , Perfectly Imperfect , in December 2016 . VanderWaal also creates videos of her original songs and covers for YouTube and continues to perform . She won the 2017 Radio Disney Music Award for Best New Artist and is working on a full-length album to be released later in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Hudson has won a Grammy.", "evidence": "Jennifer Kate Hudson -LRB- born September 12 , 1981 -RRB- is an American singer , actress and spokesperson . She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .   As an actress , she made her film debut portraying Effie White in Dreamgirls , for which she gained worldwide acclaim and won an Academy Award , a Golden Globe Award , a BAFTA Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Supporting Actress . She has also appeared in such films as Sex and the City , The Secret Life of Bees and Black Nativity . She has made numerous television appearances , including guest roles on Smash , Empire and Inside Amy Schumer . In 2015 she made her Broadway debut in the role of Shug Avery in the 2015 revival of The Color Purple .   As a singer , Hudson has released three studio albums . Her debut album Jennifer Hudson , released in 2008 , debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA , with sales exceeding a million copies worldwide . The record was nominated for four Grammy Awards , winning the 2009 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album . Her second album I Remember Me , released in 2011 , also debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA . Her third and most recent album JHUD peaked in the top ten and featured the Grammy-nominated track `` It 's Your World '' . She also became the principal singer of The Color Purple musical album , which earned her the 2017 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album and a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Musical Performance in a Daytime Program -LRB- shared with the cast of The Color Purple -RRB- .   In October 2008 , after Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were killed in a shooting , Hudson stepped out of the public eye for three months . Hudson resumed her public appearances in 2009 , with high-profile performances at Super Bowl XLIII , the Grammy Awards , American Idol , and The Oprah Winfrey Show . Hudson has been described as a friend of former President Barack Obama , who invited her to appear with him at a fundraiser in Beverly Hills during his first term in May 2009 . She also performed at the White House at the `` Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement '' event . In 2013 , she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . In 2016 , Hudson was announced as a coach on the 2017 Series of The Voice UK . The following year , Hudson was announced as a coach on the thirteenth season of The Voice .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marie Antoinette died in 1793.", "evidence": "Marie Antoinette -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u00e6ri\u02cc\u00e6ntw\u0259\u02c8n\u025bt -RSB- , -LSB- \u02cc\u0251\u0303\u02d0ntw\u0259 - -RSB- , -LSB- \u02cc\u0251\u0303\u02d0tw\u0259 - -RSB- , -LSB- m\u0259\u02c8ri\u02d0 - -RSB- -LSB- ma\u0281i \u0251\u0303twan\u025bt -RSB- ; born Maria Antonia Josepha Johanna -LRB- 2 November 1755 -- 16 October 1793 -RRB- was the last Queen of France and Navarre before the French Revolution . She was born an Archduchess of Austria , and was the fifteenth and second youngest child of Empress Maria Theresa and Francis I , Holy Roman Emperor .   In April 1770 , upon her marriage to Louis-Auguste , heir apparent to the French throne , she became Dauphine of France . On 10 May 1774 , when her husband ascended the throne as Louis XVI , she became Queen of France and Navarre , a title she held until September 1791 , when , as the French Revolution proceeded , she became Queen of the French , a title she held until 21 September 1792 .   After eight years of marriage , Marie Antoinette gave birth to a daughter , Marie-Th\u00e9r\u00e8se Charlotte , the first of her four children . Despite her initial popularity , a growing number of the population eventually came to dislike her , accusing her of being profligate , promiscuous , and of harbouring sympathies for France 's enemies , particularly her native Austria . The Diamond Necklace affair damaged her reputation further . During the Revolution , she became known as Madame D\u00e9ficit because the country 's financial crisis was blamed on her lavish spending and her opposition to the social and financial reforms of Turgot and Necker .   During the Revolution , after the government had placed the royal family under house arrest in the Tuileries Palace in October 1789 , several events linked to Marie Antoinette , in particular the June 1791 attempted flight to Varennes and her role in the War of the First Coalition , had disastrous effects on French popular opinion . On 10 August 1792 , the attack on the Tuileries forced the royal family to take refuge at the Assembly , and on 13 August the family was imprisoned in the Temple . On 21 September 1792 , the monarchy was abolished . After a two-day trial begun on 14 October 1793 , Marie Antoinette was convicted by the Revolutionary Tribunal of high treason and executed by guillotine on the Place de la R\u00e9volution on 16 October 1793 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Uruguay national football team won two FIFA World Cups.", "evidence": "The Uruguay national football team represents Uruguay in international association football and is controlled by the Uruguayan Football Association , the governing body for football in Uruguay . The current head coach is \u00d3scar Tab\u00e1rez . The Uruguayan team is commonly referred to as La Celeste -LRB- The Sky Blue -RRB- .  The Uruguayan team recently won the 2011 Copa Am\u00e9rica . They have won the Copa Am\u00e9rica 15 times , being the team that has won the tournament on most occasions . The team has won the FIFA World Cup twice , including the first World Cup in 1930 as hosts , defeating Argentina 4 -- 2 in the final . They won their second title in 1950 , upsetting host Brazil 2 -- 1 in the final match , which received an attendance higher than any football match ever .   They have won the Gold Medals in football at the Summer Olympics twice , in 1924 and 1928 recognized by FIFA as World Cup , before the creation of the World Cup . Uruguay also won the 1980 Mundialito , a tournament among former World Cup champions . In total , Uruguay have won 20 official titles , a world record for the most international titles held by any country .   Another unique achievement of Uruguay is that it \u00b4 s the only nation in world football to organize multiple major international tournaments in own country and win them all . La Celeste won 7 Copa Am\u00e9rica tournaments , 1 World Cup and Mundialito , all staged in Uruguay .   Their success is amplified by the fact that the nation has a very small population of around 3.4 million inhabitants -LRB- 2011 est. -RRB- . Uruguay is by far the smallest country in the world to have won a World Cup in terms of population , 1.75 million inhabitants in 1930 . The second-smallest country , by population , to have won the World Cup is Argentina with a population of nearly 28 million people in 1978 . Uruguay is also the smallest country ever to win any World Cup medals ; only five nations with a currently smaller population than Uruguay 's have ever participated in any World Cup : Northern Ireland -LRB- three times -RRB- , Slovenia -LRB- twice -RRB- , Wales , Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Overwatch is a board game.", "evidence": "Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Sopranos is a televised show.", "evidence": "The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase . The story revolves around the fictional character , New Jersey-based Italian American mobster Tony Soprano -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- . The series portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization . These are often highlighted during his therapy sessions with psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi -LRB- Lorraine Bracco -RRB- . The series features Tony 's family members , mafia colleagues and rivals , in prominent roles and story arcs , most notably his wife Carmela -LRB- Edie Falco -RRB- and prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Christopher Moltisanti -LRB- Michael Imperioli -RRB- .   After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 . The series then went through syndication and has been broadcast on A&E in the United States and internationally . The Sopranos was produced by HBO , Chase Films , and Brad Grey Television . It was primarily filmed at Silvercup Studios , New York City , and on location in New Jersey . The executive producers throughout the show 's run were David Chase , Brad Grey , Robin Green , Mitchell Burgess , Ilene S. Landress , Terence Winter , and Matthew Weiner .   The Sopranos is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time . The series also won a multitude of awards , including Peabody Awards for its first two seasons , 21 Primetime Emmy Awards and five Golden Globe Awards . A staple of 2000s American popular culture , the series has been the subject of critical analysis , controversy , and parody . It has spawned books , a video game , high-charting soundtrack albums , and a large amount of assorted merchandise . Several members of the show 's cast and crew who were previously largely unknown to the public have had successful careers after The Sopranos . In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America named The Sopranos the best-written TV series of all time , while TV Guide ranked it the best television series of all time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Babe Ruth was active in Major League Baseball from 1914-1935.", "evidence": "George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth Jr. -LRB- February 6 , 1895 -- August 16 , 1948 -RRB- was an American professional baseball player whose career in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- spanned 22 seasons , from 1914 through 1935 . Nicknamed `` The Bambino '' and `` The Sultan of Swat '' , he began his MLB career as a stellar left-handed pitcher for the Boston Red Sox , but achieved his greatest fame as a slugging outfielder for the New York Yankees . Ruth established many MLB batting -LRB- and some pitching -RRB- records , including career home runs -LRB- 714 -RRB- , runs batted in -LRB- RBIs -RRB- -LRB- 2,213 -RRB- , bases on balls -LRB- 2,062 -RRB- , slugging percentage -LRB- .6897 -RRB- , and on-base plus slugging -LRB- OPS -RRB- -LRB- 1.164 -RRB- ; the latter two still stand today . Ruth is regarded as one of the greatest sports heroes in American culture and is considered by many to be the greatest baseball player of all time . In , Ruth was elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame as one of its `` first five '' inaugural members .   At age seven , Ruth was sent to St. Mary 's Industrial School for Boys , a reformatory where he learned life lessons and baseball skills from Brother Matthias Boutlier of the Christian Brothers , the school 's disciplinarian and a capable baseball player . In 1914 , Ruth was signed to play minor-league baseball for the Baltimore Orioles but was soon sold to the Red Sox . By 1916 , he had built a reputation as an outstanding pitcher who sometimes hit long home runs , a feat unusual for any player in the pre-1920 dead-ball era . Although Ruth twice won 23 games in a season as a pitcher and was a member of three World Series championship teams with Boston , he wanted to play every day and was allowed to convert to an outfielder . With regular playing time , he broke the MLB single-season home run record in 1919 .   After that season , Red Sox owner Harry Frazee sold Ruth to the Yankees amid controversy . The trade fueled Boston 's subsequent 86 year championship drought and popularized the `` Curse of the Bambino '' superstition . In his 15 years with New York , Ruth helped the Yankees win seven American League -LRB- AL -RRB- championships and four World Series championships . His big swing led to escalating home run totals that not only drew fans to the ballpark and boosted the sport 's popularity but also helped usher in the live-ball era of baseball , in which it evolved from a low-scoring game of strategy to a sport where the home run was a major factor . As part of the Yankees ' vaunted `` Murderer 's Row '' lineup of 1927 , Ruth hit 60 home runs , extending his MLB single-season record . He retired in 1935 after a short stint with the Boston Braves . During his career , Ruth led the AL in home runs during a season twelve times .   Ruth 's legendary power and charismatic personality made him a larger-than-life figure in the Roaring Twenties . During his career , he was the target of intense press and public attention for his baseball exploits and off-field penchants for drinking and womanizing . His often reckless lifestyle was tempered by his willingness to do good by visiting children at hospitals and orphanages . After his retirement as a player , he was denied a managerial job in baseball , most likely due to poor behavior during parts of his playing career . In his final years , Ruth made many public appearances , especially in support of American efforts in World War II . In 1946 , he became ill with cancer , and died two years later .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Roger Federer plays a racket sport.", "evidence": "Roger Federer -LRB- born 8 August 1981 -RRB- is a Swiss professional tennis player . Many players and analysts have called him the greatest male tennis player of all time . Federer turned professional in 1998 and was continuously ranked in the top 10 from October 2002 to November 2016 . He is currently ranked world No. 5 by the Association of Tennis Professionals -LRB- ATP -RRB- .   Federer has won 18 Grand Slam singles titles , the most in history for a male tennis player , and held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a record 237 consecutive weeks and a record total of 302 weeks . In majors , Federer has won seven Wimbledon titles , five Australian Open titles , five US Open titles and one French Open title . He is among the eight men to capture a career Grand Slam . He has reached a record 28 men 's singles Grand Slam finals , including 10 in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open .   Federer 's ATP tournament records include winning a record six ATP World Tour Finals and playing in the finals at all nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments . He also won the Olympic gold medal in doubles with his compatriot Stan Wawrinka at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the Olympic silver medal in singles at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games . Representing Switzerland , he was a part of the 2014 winning Davis Cup team . He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four consecutive years from 2005 to 2008 .  Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent -LRB- singles -RRB- or between two teams of two players each -LRB- doubles -RRB- . Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent 's court . The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return . The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point , while the opposite player will .   Tennis is an Olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages . The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racket , including wheelchair users . The modern game of tennis originated in Birmingham , England , in the late 19th century as `` lawn tennis '' . It had close connections both to various field -LRB- `` lawn '' -RRB- games such as croquet and bowls as well as to the older racket sport of real tennis . During most of the 19th century , in fact , the term `` tennis '' referred to real tennis , not lawn tennis : for example , in Disraeli 's novel Sybil -LRB- 1845 -RRB- , Lord Eugene De Vere announces that he will `` go down to Hampton Court and play tennis . ''   The rules of tennis have changed little since the 1890s . Two exceptions are that from 1908 to 1961 the server had to keep one foot on the ground at all times , and the adoption of the tiebreak in the 1970s . A recent addition to professional tennis has been the adoption of electronic review technology coupled with a point challenge system , which allows a player to contest the line call of a point , a system known as Hawk-Eye .   Tennis is played by millions of recreational players and is also a popular worldwide spectator sport . The four Grand Slam tournaments -LRB- also referred to as the `` Majors '' -RRB- are especially popular : the Australian Open played on hard courts , the French Open played on red clay courts , Wimbledon played on grass courts , and the US Open played also on hard courts .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "La La Anthony was in November Rule and Destined.", "evidence": "Alani Nicole `` La La '' Anthony -LRB- n\u00e9e V\u00e1zquez ; born June 25 , 1979 -RRB- is a television personality , New York Times best-selling author , business woman , producer and actress .   In the early 2000s , La La came to prominence as an MTV VJ on Total Request Live . La La can be seen in the Starz original drama series , Power , executive produced by 50 Cent and starring Omari Hardwick and Naturi Naughton .   In 2014 La La reprised her role as Sonia in the film Think Like a Man Too and in 2015 appeared in November Rule and Destined .   In 2004 La La began dating NBA player Carmelo Anthony and they were married by Michael Eric Dyson on July 10 , 2010 at Cipriani 's in New York City before 320 guests . The ceremony was filmed by VH1 and aired as part of a reality series on the couple , titled La La 's Full Court Wedding . La La and Carmelo Anthony 's son , Kiyan Carmelo Anthony , was born on March 7 , 2007 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The United States Naval Academy is in Maryland.", "evidence": "The United States Naval Academy -LRB- also known as USNA , Annapolis , or simply Navy -RRB- is a four-year coeducational federal service academy in Annapolis , Maryland , United States . Established on 10 October 1845 , under Secretary of the Navy George Bancroft , it is the second oldest of the United States ' five service academies , and educates officers for commissioning primarily into the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps . The 338 acre campus is located on the former grounds of Fort Severn at the confluence of the Severn River and Chesapeake Bay in Anne Arundel County , 33 mi east of Washington , D.C. and 26 mi southeast of Baltimore . The entire campus is a National Historic Landmark and home to many historic sites , buildings , and monuments . It replaced Philadelphia Naval Asylum , in Philadelphia , that served as the first United States Naval Academy from 1838 to 1845 when the Naval Academy formed in Annapolis .   Candidates for admission generally must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination , usually from a Member of Congress . Students are officers-in-training and are referred to as midshipmen . Tuition for midshipmen is fully funded by the Navy in exchange for an active duty service obligation upon graduation . Approximately 1,200 `` plebes '' -LRB- an abbreviation of the Ancient Roman word plebeian -RRB- enter the Academy each summer for the rigorous Plebe Summer , but only about 1,000 midshipmen graduate . Graduates are usually commissioned as ensigns in the Navy or second lieutenants in the Marine Corps , but a small number can also be cross-commissioned as officers in other U.S. services , and the services of allied nations . The United States Naval Academy has some of the highest paid graduates in the country according to starting salary . The academic program grants a bachelor of science degree with a curriculum that grades midshipmen 's performance upon a broad academic program , military leadership performance , and mandatory participation in competitive athletics . Midshipmen are required to adhere to the academy 's Honor Concept .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tom Welling was born November 26, 1977.", "evidence": "Thomas John Patrick `` Tom '' Welling -LRB- born April 26 , 1977 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer , and model best known for his role as Clark Kent in The WB/CW superhero drama Smallville -LRB- 2001 -- 11 -RRB- .   A high school athlete , Welling initially worked in construction and , in 1998 , he successfully modeled men 's clothing for several popular brands . In 2000 , he made a successful transition to television . He has been nominated for and received several awards for his role as Clark Kent . In 2001 , he had a recurring role as Rob `` Karate Rob '' Meltzer in the second season of the CBS legal drama Judging Amy . He has also been involved behind the camera as an executive producer and a director . His films include Cheaper by the Dozen , Cheaper by the Dozen 2 , The Fog , The Choice and Draft Day .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "In the Heart of the Sea was released in cinemas.", "evidence": "In the Heart of the Sea is a 2015 adventure-drama film based on Nathaniel Philbrick 's non-fiction book of the same name , about the sinking of the American whaling ship Essex in 1820 , an event that inspired the novel Moby-Dick . An international co-production between the United States and Spain , it was directed and produced by Ron Howard and written by Charles Leavitt . The film stars Chris Hemsworth , Benjamin Walker , Cillian Murphy , Tom Holland , Ben Whishaw and Brendan Gleeson .   It premiered in New York City on December 7 , 2015 and was released in cinemas in the United States on December 11 , 2015 by Warner Bros. . Pictures . In the Heart of the Sea received mixed reviews from critics , and grossed $ 93 million against a $ 100 million budget , making it a box office bomb .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Blues and rock music has been played by the band AC/DC.", "evidence": "AC/DC are an Australian rock band , formed in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young . A hard rock/blues rock band , they have also been considered a heavy metal band , although they have always dubbed their music simply `` rock and roll '' .   AC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album , High Voltage , in 1975 . Membership subsequently stabilised until bassist Mark Evans was replaced by Cliff Williams in 1977 for the album Powerage . Within months of recording the album Highway to Hell , lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980 after a night of heavy alcohol consumption . The group considered disbanding , but buoyed by support from Scott 's parents , decided to continue and set about finding a new vocalist . Ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was auditioned and selected to replace Scott . Later that year , the band released the new album , Back in Black , which was made as a tribute to Bon Scott . The album launched them to new heights of success and became their all-time best-seller .   The band 's next album , For Those About to Rock We Salute You , was their first album to reach number one in the United States . Drummer Phil Rudd was fired in 1983 and replaced by ex-A II Z drummer Simon Wright , who left to join Dio in 1989 . The band experienced a resurgence in the early 1990s with the release of The Razors Edge . Phil Rudd returned in 1994 after Chris Slade , who was with the band from 1989 to 1994 , was asked to leave in favour of him , and contributed to the band 's 1995 album Ballbreaker . Stiff Upper Lip , released in 2000 , was well received by critics . The band 's studio album , Black Ice , released in 2008 , was the second-highest-selling album of that year , and their biggest chart hit since For Those About to Rock , eventually reaching No. 1 on all charts worldwide . The band 's line-up remained the same until 2014 with Malcolm Young 's retirement due to early-onset dementia and Rudd 's legal troubles . In 2016 , Johnson was advised to stop touring on account of worsening hearing loss and Guns N ' Roses frontman Axl Rose stepped in as the band 's vocalist for the remainder of that year 's dates . Long-term bass player Cliff Williams retired from the band at the end of their 2016 Rock Or Bust world tour .   AC/DC have sold more than 200 million records worldwide , including 71.5 million albums in the United States , adding them to the list of highest-certified music artists in the United States and the list of best-selling music artists . Back in Black has sold an estimated 50 million units worldwide , making it the second-highest-selling album by any artist -- and the highest-selling album by any band . The album has sold 22 million units in the US , where it is the sixth-highest-selling album of all time . AC/DC ranked fourth on VH1 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock '' and were named the seventh `` Greatest Heavy Metal Band of All Time '' by MTV . In 2004 , AC/DC ranked No. 72 on the Rolling Stone list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time '' . Producer Rick Rubin , who wrote an essay on the band for the Rolling Stone list , referred to AC/DC as `` the greatest rock and roll band of all time '' . In 2010 , AC/DC were ranked number 23 in the VH1 list of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Naruto is incapable of being a ninja.", "evidence": "is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto . It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki , an adolescent ninja who searches for recognition and dreams of becoming the Hokage , the leader of his village . The story divided into two parts , the first set in Naruto 's preteen years , and the second in his teens . The series is based on two one-shot manga by Kishimoto . The first one , titled Karakuri , released in 1995 by Shueisha , earned Kishimoto an honorable mention in Shueisha 's monthly Hop Step Award in 1996 . The second one , titled Naruto , published in the summer 1997 issue of Akamaru Jump .   Naruto was serialized in Shueisha 's Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump magazine from September 21 , 1999 , to November 10 , 2014 . Seventy-two tank\u014dbon volumes were released . It currently is the third best-selling manga series in history , selling more than 220 million copies worldwide . The manga later adapted into an anime television produced by Studio Pierrot and Aniplex . It premiered across Japan on the terrestrial TV Tokyo and other TX Network stations on October 3 , 2002 , and ended on February 8 , 2007 , with 220 episodes . The English adaptation of the series premiered on Cartoon Network 's programming block named Toonami on September 10 , 2005 , and concluded on January 31 , 2009 . Naruto : Shippuden , a sequel to the original series , aired from February 15 , 2007 , to March 23 , 2017 , with 500 episodes . The English adaptation was broadcast on Disney XD from October 28 , 2009 , to November 5 , 2011 , and on Adult Swim 's Toonami block in January 2014 . Besides the anime series , Studio Pierrot has developed eleven movies and several original video animations -LRB- OVAs -RRB- . Other types of merchandise include light novels , video games , and trading cards developed by several companies .   Viz Media has licensed the manga and anime for North American production . Viz serialized Naruto in their digital Weekly Shonen Jump magazine , publishing the individual volumes . The anime series began airing in the United States and Canada in 2005 , and in the United Kingdom and Australia in 2006 and 2007 , respectively . The films and most OVAs from the series were also released by Viz , with the first film premiering in movie theaters . Viz Media began streaming the two anime series on their streaming service Neon Alley in December 2012 . The story of Naruto continues with Naruto 's son , Boruto Uzumaki , in Boruto : Naruto Next Generations . Boruto wishes to create his own ninja way instead of following his father 's .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Marilyn Monroe is an actress.", "evidence": "Marilyn Monroe -LRB- born Norma Jeane Mortenson ; June 1 , 1926 -- August 5 , 1962 -RRB- was an American actress and model . Famous for playing comic `` dumb blonde '' characters , she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s , emblematic of the era 's attitudes towards sexuality . Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade , her films grossed $ 200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962 . She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon .   Born and raised in Los Angeles , Monroe spent most of her childhood in foster homes and an orphanage and married at the age of sixteen . While working in a factory in 1944 as part of the war effort , she was introduced to a photographer from the First Motion Picture Unit and began a successful pin-up modeling career . The work led to short-lived film contracts with Twentieth Century-Fox -LRB- 1946 -- 1947 -RRB- and Columbia Pictures -LRB- 1948 -RRB- . After a series of minor film roles , she signed a new contract with Fox in 1951 . Over the next two years , she became a popular actress with roles in several comedies , including As Young as You Feel and Monkey Business , and in the dramas Clash by Night and Do n't Bother to Knock . Monroe faced a scandal when it was revealed that she had posed for nude photos before becoming a star , but rather than damaging her career , the story resulted in increased interest in her films .   By 1953 , Monroe was one of the most marketable Hollywood stars , with leading roles in three films : the noir Niagara , which focused on her sex appeal , and the comedies Gentlemen Prefer Blondes and How to Marry a Millionaire , which established her star image as a `` dumb blonde '' . Although she played a significant role in the creation and management of her public image throughout her career , she was disappointed at being typecast and underpaid by the studio . She was briefly suspended in early 1954 for refusing a film project , but returned to star in one of the biggest box office successes of her career , The Seven Year Itch -LRB- 1955 -RRB- .   When the studio was still reluctant to change her contract , Monroe founded a film production company in late 1954 ; she named it Marilyn Monroe Productions -LRB- MMP -RRB- . She dedicated 1955 to building her company and began studying method acting at the Actors Studio . In late 1955 , Fox awarded her a new contract , which gave her more control and a larger salary . After a critically acclaimed performance in Bus Stop -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and acting in the first independent production of MMP , The Prince and the Showgirl -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , she won a Golden Globe for Best Actress for Some Like It Hot -LRB- 1959 -RRB- . Her last completed film was the drama The Misfits -LRB- 1961 -RRB- .   Monroe 's troubled private life received much attention . She struggled with substance abuse , depression , and anxiety . She had two highly publicized marriages , to retired baseball star Joe DiMaggio and playwright Arthur Miller , both of which ended in divorce . On August 5 , 1962 , she died at age 36 from an overdose of barbiturates at her home in Los Angeles . Although Monroe 's death was ruled a probable suicide , several conspiracy theories have been proposed in the decades following her death .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Wyatt Earp was a constable and he was American.", "evidence": "Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp -LRB- March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 -RRB- was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys . He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .   Earp lived a restless life . He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee . Earp spent his early life in Iowa . In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born . During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' . His third arrest was subject of a lengthy account in the `` Daily Transcript '' which referred to him as an `` old offender '' and nicknamed him the `` Peoria Bummer '' .   By 1874 he had arrived in the cattle boomtown of Wichita , Kansas where his brother had opened a brothel . On April 21 , 1875 he was appointed to the Wichita police force , and developed a solid reputation as a lawman . In April 1876 he was dismissed from his position as a lawman following an altercation with a political opponent of his boss which led to him being fined $ 30 . In 1876 , he followed his brother James to Dodge City , Kansas , where he became an assistant city marshal . In winter 1878 , he went to Texas to track down an outlaw and met John `` Doc '' Holliday , whom Earp later credited with saving his life .   Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another . He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway . There , the Earps clashed with a loose federation of outlaws known as the Cowboys . Wyatt , Virgil , and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury , and Ike and Billy Clanton , who threatened on several occasions to kill the Earps . The conflict escalated over the next year , culminating on October 26 , 1881 in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the Cowboys . In the next five months , Virgil was ambushed and maimed , and Morgan was assassinated . Pursuing a vendetta , Wyatt , his brother Warren , Holliday , and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible . Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights in which he took part , unlike his brothers Virgil and James , or his friend , Doc Holliday , which only added to his mystique after his death .   Earp was a lifelong gambler and was always looking for a quick way to make money . After leaving Tombstone , Earp went to San Francisco where he reunited with Josephine Earp . She became his common-law wife . They joined a gold rush to Eagle City , Idaho , where they owned mining interests and a saloon . They left there to race horses and open a saloon during a real estate boom in San Diego , California . Back in San Francisco , Wyatt raced horses again , but his reputation suffered irreparably when he refereed the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey boxing match and called a foul that led many to believe that he fixed the fight . They moved briefly to Yuma , Arizona before joining the Nome Gold Rush in 1899 . In partnership with Charlie Hoxie they opened a two-story saloon called the Dexter and made an estimated $ 80,000 -LRB- about $ 2 million in 2017 dollars -RRB- . Returning to the lower 48 , they opened another saloon in Tonopah , Nevada , the site of a new gold find . In about 1911 , Earp began working several mining claims in Vidal , California , retiring in the hot summers with Josephine to Los Angeles .   Wyatt Earp died on January 13 , 1929 . He was known as a Western lawman , gunfighter , and boxing referee . He had a notorious reputation for both his handling of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey fight and his role in the O.K. Corral gunfight . This only began to change after his death when an extremely flattering biography was published in 1931 . It became a bestseller and created his reputation as a fearless lawman . Since then , Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films , TV shows , biographies , and works of fiction that have increased his notoriety . He did , however , live to see himself being portrayed in the film Wild Bill Hickok , released in 1923 . Long after his death , he has many devoted detractors and admirers . Earp 's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West 's `` toughest and deadliest gunman of his day . ''  Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp -LRB- March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 -RRB- was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys . He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .   Earp lived a restless life . He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee . Earp spent his early life in Iowa . In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born . During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' . His third arrest was subject of a lengthy account in the `` Daily Transcript '' which referred to him as an `` old offender '' and nicknamed him the `` Peoria Bummer '' .   By 1874 he had arrived in the cattle boomtown of Wichita , Kansas where his brother had opened a brothel . On April 21 , 1875 he was appointed to the Wichita police force , and developed a solid reputation as a lawman . In April 1876 he was dismissed from his position as a lawman following an altercation with a political opponent of his boss which led to him being fined $ 30 . In 1876 , he followed his brother James to Dodge City , Kansas , where he became an assistant city marshal . In winter 1878 , he went to Texas to track down an outlaw and met John `` Doc '' Holliday , whom Earp later credited with saving his life .   Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another . He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway . There , the Earps clashed with a loose federation of outlaws known as the Cowboys . Wyatt , Virgil , and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury , and Ike and Billy Clanton , who threatened on several occasions to kill the Earps . The conflict escalated over the next year , culminating on October 26 , 1881 in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the Cowboys . In the next five months , Virgil was ambushed and maimed , and Morgan was assassinated . Pursuing a vendetta , Wyatt , his brother Warren , Holliday , and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible . Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights in which he took part , unlike his brothers Virgil and James , or his friend , Doc Holliday , which only added to his mystique after his death .   Earp was a lifelong gambler and was always looking for a quick way to make money . After leaving Tombstone , Earp went to San Francisco where he reunited with Josephine Earp . She became his common-law wife . They joined a gold rush to Eagle City , Idaho , where they owned mining interests and a saloon . They left there to race horses and open a saloon during a real estate boom in San Diego , California . Back in San Francisco , Wyatt raced horses again , but his reputation suffered irreparably when he refereed the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey boxing match and called a foul that led many to believe that he fixed the fight . They moved briefly to Yuma , Arizona before joining the Nome Gold Rush in 1899 . In partnership with Charlie Hoxie they opened a two-story saloon called the Dexter and made an estimated $ 80,000 -LRB- about $ 2 million in 2017 dollars -RRB- . Returning to the lower 48 , they opened another saloon in Tonopah , Nevada , the site of a new gold find . In about 1911 , Earp began working several mining claims in Vidal , California , retiring in the hot summers with Josephine to Los Angeles .   Wyatt Earp died on January 13 , 1929 . He was known as a Western lawman , gunfighter , and boxing referee . He had a notorious reputation for both his handling of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey fight and his role in the O.K. Corral gunfight . This only began to change after his death when an extremely flattering biography was published in 1931 . It became a bestseller and created his reputation as a fearless lawman . Since then , Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films , TV shows , biographies , and works of fiction that have increased his notoriety . He did , however , live to see himself being portrayed in the film Wild Bill Hickok , released in 1923 . Long after his death , he has many devoted detractors and admirers . Earp 's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West 's `` toughest and deadliest gunman of his day . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Israel hosts a population of asylum seekers including illegal migrants from Sudan.", "evidence": "Israel -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u026azrei\u0259l -RSB- ; -RRB- , officially the State of Israel -LRB- -LSB- medi\u02c8nat jis\u0281a\u02c8\u0294el -RSB- \u062f\u064e\u0648\u0652\u0644\u064e\u0629 \u0625\u0650\u0633\u0652\u0631\u064e\u0627\u0626\u0650\u064a\u0644 -LSB- dawlat \u0294isra\u02d0\u02c8\u0294i\u02d0l -RSB- -RRB- , is a country in the Middle East , on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea . It has land borders with Lebanon to the north , Syria to the northeast , Jordan on the east , the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west , respectively , and Egypt to the southwest . The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area . Israel 's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv , while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem , although the state 's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.The Jerusalem Law states that `` Jerusalem , complete and united , is the capital of Israel '' and the city serves as the seat of the government , home to the President 's residence , government offices , supreme court , and parliament . United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 -LRB- 20 August 1980 ; 14 -- 0 , U.S. abstaining -RRB- declared the Jerusalem Law `` null and void '' and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem . The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law -LRB- see -RRB- and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv , Ramat Gan , and Herzliya -LRB- see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel -RRB- . The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act , which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel . However , the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act `` invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional '' . Since passage of the act , all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front . The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state . The city 's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority -LRB- see `` Negotiating Jerusalem , '' Palestine -- Israel Journal -RRB- . See Positions on Jerusalem for more information .   In 1947 , the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem . The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine , and rejected by Arab leaders . Next year , the Jewish Agency declared `` the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel , to be known as the State of Israel . '' Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states , in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank , Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip -LRB- still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement -RRB- . It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem , but not the West Bank . Israel 's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world 's longest military occupation in modern times . Efforts to resolve the Israeli -- Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace . However , peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented .   The population of Israel , as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics , was estimated in to be people . It is the world 's only Jewish-majority state , with 74.8 % being designated as Jewish . The country 's second largest group of citizens are Arabs , at 20.8 % -LRB- including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs -RRB- . The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims , including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins ; the rest are Christians and Druze . Other minorities include Arameans , Armenians , Assyrians , Black Hebrew Israelites , Circassians , Maronites and Samaritans . Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia , including illegal migrants from Sudan , Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans .   In its Basic Laws , Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state . Israel is a representative democracy with a parliamentary system , proportional representation and universal suffrage . The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature . Israel is a developed country and an OECD member , with the 35th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product . The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentage of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree . The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East and the third highest in Asia , and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The American Broadcasting Company has a nickname.", "evidence": "The American Broadcasting Company -LRB- ABC -RRB- is an American English language commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney -- ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company . The network is headquartered on Columbus Avenue and West 66th Street in Manhattan , New York City . There are additional major offices and production facilities elsewhere in New York City , as well as in Los Angeles and Burbank , California .   Since 2007 , when ABC Radio -LRB- also known as Cumulus Media Networks -RRB- was sold to Citadel Broadcasting , ABC has reduced its broadcasting operations almost exclusively to television . The fifth-oldest major broadcasting network in the world and the youngest of the Big Three television networks , ABC is often nicknamed as `` The Alphabet Network '' , as its initialism also represents the first three letters of the English alphabet , in order .   ABC originally launched on October 12 , 1943 , as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network , which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble . It extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks CBS and NBC . In the mid-1950s , ABC merged with United Paramount Theatres , a chain of movie theaters that formerly operated as a subsidiary of Paramount Pictures . Leonard Goldenson , who had been the head of UPT , made the new television network profitable by helping develop and greenlight many successful series . In the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel ESPN , the network 's corporate parent , American Broadcasting Companies , Inc. , merged with Capital Cities Communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . In 1996 , most of Capital Cities/ABC 's assets were purchased by The Walt Disney Company .   The television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the United States and its territories . Most Canadians have access to at least one U.S.-based ABC affiliate , either over-the-air -LRB- in areas located within proximity to the Canada -- United States border -RRB- or through a cable , satellite or IPTV provider , although most ABC programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission that allow pay television providers to replace an American station 's signal with the feed of a Canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue . ABC News provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by Citadel Broadcasting , which purchased the ABC Radio properties in 2007 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cindy McCain is married to a 2008 rugby champion.", "evidence": "Cindy Lou Hensley McCain -LRB- born May 20 , 1954 -RRB- is an American businesswoman , philanthropist , and humanitarian , and the wife of long-time United States Senator and 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain of Arizona .   She was born and raised in Phoenix , Arizona , as the daughter of wealthy beer distributor Jim Hensley . After receiving bachelor 's and master 's degrees from the University of Southern California , she became a special education teacher . She married John McCain in 1980 and the couple moved to Arizona in 1981 , where her husband would be elected to the United States Congress the following year and has been in office since then . The couple had three children together , in addition to adopting another . From 1988 to 1995 , she founded and operated a nonprofit organization , the American Voluntary Medical Team , which organized trips by medical personnel to disaster-stricken or war-torn third-world areas . During this time , she became addicted to painkillers for several years and resorted to having a physician write illegal prescriptions on her behalf . She reached an agreement with the government in which no charges were filed against her .   Upon her father 's death in 2000 , she inherited majority control and became chair of Hensley & Co. , one of the largest Anheuser-Busch beer distributors in the United States . She participated in both of her husband 's presidential campaigns and , in 2008 , drew both positive and negative scrutiny for her appearance , demeanor , wealth , spending habits , and financial obligations . She continues to be an active philanthropist and serves on the boards of Operation Smile , Eastern Congo Initiative , CARE and HALO Trust , frequently making overseas trips in conjunction with their activities . During the 2010s she has become prominent in the fight against human trafficking .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Leonardo DiCaprio is a fish.", "evidence": "Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio -LRB- -LSB- d\u1d7b\u02c8k\u00e6pri.o\u028a -RSB- born November 11 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor , film producer , and environmental activist . DiCaprio began his career by appearing in television commercials in the early 1990s , after which he had recurring roles in various television series such as the soap opera Santa Barbara and the sitcom Growing Pains . He began his film career by starring as Josh in Critters 3 -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . He starred in the film adaptation of the memoir This Boy 's Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , and was praised for his supporting role in What 's Eating Gilbert Grape -LRB- 1993 -RRB- . He gained public recognition with leading roles in The Basketball Diaries -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and the romantic drama Romeo + Juliet -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , before achieving international fame with James Cameron 's epic romance Titanic -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , which became the highest-grossing film of all time until Cameron 's science fiction film Avatar -LRB- 2009 -RRB- overtook it .   Since 2000 , DiCaprio has received critical acclaim for his work in a wide range of film genres . DiCaprio 's subsequent films include The Man in the Iron Mask -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , the biographical crime drama Catch Me If You Can -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and the epic historical drama Gangs of New York -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , which marked his first of many collaborations with director Martin Scorsese . He was acclaimed for his performances in the political war thriller Blood Diamond -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the neo-noir crime drama The Departed -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the espionage thriller Body of Lies -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , the drama Revolutionary Road -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , the psychological thriller Shutter Island -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , the science fiction thriller Inception -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , the biographical film J. Edgar -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , the western Django Unchained -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the period drama The Great Gatsby -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .   DiCaprio 's portrayals of Howard Hughes in The Aviator -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Hugh Glass in The Revenant -LRB- 2015 -RRB- won him the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama , and his role as Jordan Belfort in The Wolf of Wall Street -LRB- 2013 -RRB- won him the award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy . He also won his first Academy Award and BAFTA Award for his performance in The Revenant . DiCaprio is the founder of his own production company , Appian Way Productions .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "T-Pain is the founder of a record label imprint established in 2005.", "evidence": "Faheem Rashad Najm -LRB- born September 30 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his stage name T-Pain , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer from Tallahassee , Florida . His debut album , Rappa Ternt Sanga , was released in 2005 . In 2007 , T-Pain released his second album Epiphany , which reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart . His third album , Thr33 Ringz , was released in 2008 . T-Pain has also released a string of hit singles , including `` I 'm Sprung '' , `` I 'm 'n Luv -LRB- Wit a Stripper -RRB- '' , `` Buy U a Drank -LRB- Shawty Snappin ' -RRB- '' , `` Bartender '' , `` Ca n't Believe It '' , `` 5 O'Clock '' and more . T-Pain has earned two Grammy Awards , alongside artists Kanye West and Jamie Foxx respectively .   T-Pain is the founder of the record label imprint Nappy Boy Entertainment , established in 2005 . Throughout his career as a singer , T-Pain is best known for using and popularizing the creative use of the Auto-Tune pitch correction effect , used with extreme parameter settings to create distinctive vocal sounds . From 2006 to 2010 , T-Pain was featured on more than 50 chart topping singles , his most successful feature to date was on Flo Rida 's debut single `` Low '' , which has since been certified 6x platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alan Ladd failed to become television producer.", "evidence": "Alan Walbridge Ladd -LRB- September 3 , 1913 -- January 29 , 1964 -RRB- was an American actor and film and television producer . Ladd found success in film in the 1940s and early 1950s , particularly in Westerns such as Shane -LRB- 1953 -RRB- and films noir in which he was often paired with Veronica Lake , such as This Gun for Hire -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , The Glass Key -LRB- 1942 -RRB- and The Blue Dahlia -LRB- 1946 -RRB- . Other notable credits include Two Years Before the Mast -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Whispering Smith -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and The Great Gatsby -LRB- 1949 -RRB- . His popularity diminished in the late 1950s , though he continued to appear in popular films until his accidental death due to a lethal combination of alcohol , a barbiturate , and two tranquilizers .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "VHS was released in late 1976 in Japan.", "evidence": "The Video Home System -LRB- VHS -RRB- is a standard for consumer-level analog video recording on tape cassettes . Developed by Victor Company of Japan -LRB- JVC -RRB- in the early 1970s , it was released in Japan in late 1976 and in the USA in early 1977 .   From the 1950s , magnetic tape video recording became a major contributor to the television industry , via the first commercialized video tape recorders -LRB- VTRs -RRB- . At that time , the devices were used only in expensive professional environments such as television studios and medical imaging -LRB- fluoroscopy -RRB- . In the 1970s , videotape entered home use , creating the home video industry and changing the economics of the television and movie businesses . The television industry viewed videocassette recorders -LRB- VCRs -RRB- as having the power to disrupt their business , while television users viewed the VCR as the means to take control of their hobby .   In the 1980s and 1990s , at the peak of VHS 's popularity , there were videotape format wars in the home video industry . Two of the formats , VHS and Betamax , received the most media exposure . VHS eventually won the war , dominating 60 percent of the North American market by 1980 and emerging as the dominant home video format throughout the tape media period .   Optical disc formats later began to offer better quality than analog consumer video tape such as standard and super-VHS . The earliest of these formats , LaserDisc , was not widely adopted . However , after the introduction of the DVD format in 1997 , VHS 's market share began to decline . By 2008 , DVD had replaced VHS as the preferred low-end method of distribution .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pixar was funded by an Indian industrial designer.", "evidence": "Pixar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8p\u026aks\u0251r -RSB- -RRB- , also referred to as Pixar Animation Studios , is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville , California that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company . Pixar began in 1979 as the Graphics Group , part of the Lucasfilm computer division , before its spin-out as a corporation in 1986 , with funding by Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs , who became the majority shareholder . Disney purchased Pixar in 2006 at a valuation of $ 7.4 billion , a transaction that resulted in Jobs becoming Disney 's largest single shareholder at the time . Pixar is best known for CGI-animated feature films created with RenderMan , Pixar 's own implementation of the industry-standard RenderMan image-rendering application programming interface , used to generate high-quality images .   Pixar has produced seventeen feature films , beginning with Toy Story -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , which was the first-ever computer-animated feature film , and its most recent being Finding Dory -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . All 17 of its films have debuted with CinemaScore ratings of at least an `` A \u2212 , '' indicating positive receptions with audiences . The studio has also produced several short films . , its feature films have earned approximately $ 10.8 billion at the box office worldwide , with an average worldwide gross of $ 634 million per film . Finding Dory , along with its predecessor Finding Nemo -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , as well as Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- are among the 50 highest-grossing films of all time , with the lattermost film being the third all-time highest-grossing animated film with a gross of $ 1.063 billion . Fourteen of Pixar 's films are also among the 50 highest-grossing animated films of all time .   The studio has earned sixteen Academy Awards , seven Golden Globe Awards , and eleven Grammy Awards , among many other awards and acknowledgments . Many of Pixar 's films have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature since its inauguration in 2001 , with eight winning ; this includes Finding Nemo and Toy Story 3 , along with The Incredibles -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Ratatouille -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , WALL-E -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Up -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Brave -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Inside Out -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Monsters , Inc. -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Cars -LRB- 2006 -RRB- are the only two films that were nominated for the award without winning it , while Cars 2 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Monsters University -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , The Good Dinosaur -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and Finding Dory have not been nominated . Up and Toy Story 3 were also the respective second and third animated films to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture , the first being Walt Disney Animation Studios ' Beauty and the Beast -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . Luxo Jr. , a character from the studio 's 1986 short film of the same name , is the studio 's mascot .   On September 6 , 2009 , Pixar executives John Lasseter , Brad Bird , Pete Docter , Andrew Stanton , and Lee Unkrich were presented with the Golden Lion award for Lifetime Achievement by the biennial Venice Film Festival . The award was presented by Lucasfilm 's founder George Lucas .  Steven Paul Jobs -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u0292\u0252bz -RSB- February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 -RRB- was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer . He was the co-founder , chairman , and chief executive officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of Apple Inc. ; CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar ; a member of The Walt Disney Company 's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar ; and founder , chairman , and CEO of NeXT . Jobs and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are widely recognized as pioneers of the microcomputer revolution of the 1970s and 1980s .   Jobs was born in San Francisco to Syrian parents who had to put him up for adoption at birth ; he was raised in the San Francisco Bay Area during the 1960s . Jobs briefly attended Reed College in 1972 before dropping out . He then decided to travel through India in 1974 seeking enlightenment and studying Zen Buddhism . Jobs 's declassified FBI report stated that an acquaintance knew that Jobs had used the illegal drugs marijuana and LSD while he was in college . Jobs once told a reporter that taking LSD was `` one of the two or three most important things '' he did in his life .   Jobs and Wozniak co-founded Apple in 1976 to sell Wozniak 's Apple I personal computer . The visionaries gained fame and wealth a year later for the Apple II , one of the first highly successful mass-produced personal computers . In 1979 , after a tour of PARC , Jobs saw the commercial potential of the Xerox Alto , which was mouse-driven and had a graphical user interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- . This led to development of the unsuccessful Apple Lisa in 1983 , followed by the breakthrough Macintosh in 1984 . In addition to being the first mass-produced computer with a GUI , the Macintosh introduced the sudden rise of the desktop publishing industry in 1985 with the addition of the Apple LaserWriter , the first laser printer to feature vector graphics . Following a long power struggle , Jobs was forced out of Apple in 1985 .   After leaving Apple , Jobs took a few of its members with him to found NeXT , a computer platform development company specializing in state-of-the-art computers for higher-education and business markets . In addition , Jobs helped to initiate the development of the visual effects industry when he funded the spinout of the computer graphics division of George Lucas 's Lucasfilm in 1986 . The new company , Pixar , would eventually produce the first fully computer-animated film , Toy Story -- an event made possible in part because of Jobs 's financial support .   In 1997 , Apple merged with NeXT . Within a few months of the merger , Jobs became CEO of his former company , reviving Apple at the verge of bankruptcy . Beginning in 1997 with the `` Think different '' advertising campaign , Jobs worked closely with designer Jonathan Ive to develop a line of products that would have larger cultural ramifications : the iMac , iTunes and iTunes Store , Apple Store , iPod , iPhone , App Store , and the iPad . Mac OS was also revamped into OS X -LRB- renamed `` macOS '' in 2016 -RRB- , based on NeXT 's NeXTSTEP platform .   Jobs was diagnosed with a pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor in 2003 and died on October 5 , 2011 , of respiratory arrest related to the tumor .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Chernobyl disaster ultimately involved more than 500,000 workers.", "evidence": "The Chernobyl disaster , also referred to as the Chernobyl accident , was a catastrophic nuclear accident . It occurred on 26 April 1986 in the No. 4 light water graphite moderated reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant near Pripyat , in what was then part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic of the Soviet Union -LRB- USSR -RRB- .   During a late night safety test which simulated a station blackout power-failure and in which safety systems were deliberately turned off , a combination of inherent reactor design flaws , together with the reactor operators arranging the core in a manner contrary to the checklist for the test , eventually resulted in uncontrolled reaction conditions that flashed water into steam generating a destructive steam explosion and a subsequent open-air graphite fire.Although most reports on the Chernobyl accident refer to a number of graphite fires , it is highly unlikely that the graphite itself burned . According to the General Atomics website < http://gt-mhr.ga.com/safety.php > : `` It is often incorrectly assumed that the combustion behavior of graphite is similar to that of charcoal and coal . Numerous tests and calculations have shown that it is virtually impossible to burn high-purity , nuclear-grade graphites . '' On Chernobyl , the same source states : `` Graphite played little or no role in the progression or consequences of the accident . The red glow observed during the Chernobyl accident was the expected color of luminescence for graphite at 700 \u00b0 C and not a large-scale graphite fire , as some have incorrectly assumed . '' Similarly , nuclear physicist Yevgeny Velikhov , < http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4918742.stm > noted some 2 weeks after the accident that `` Until now the possibility of a catastrophe really did exist : A great quantity of fuel and graphite of the reactor was in an incandescent state '' That is , all the nuclear-decay heat that was generated inside the uranium fuel -LRB- heat which would normally be extracted by back-up coolant pumps , in an undamaged reactor -RRB- was instead responsible for making the fuel itself and any graphite in contact with it , to glow red-hot . This is contrary to the oft cited interpretation , which is that the graphite was red-hot chiefly because it was chemically oxidizing with the air . This fire produced considerable updrafts for about 9 days , that lofted plumes of fission products into the atmosphere , with the estimated radioactive inventory that was released during this very hot fire phase , approximately equal in magnitude to the airborne fission products released in the initial destructive explosion . Practically all of this radioactive material would then go on to fall-out/precipitate onto much of the surface of the western USSR and Europe .   The Chernobyl accident dominates the Energy accidents sub-category , of most disastrous nuclear power plant accident in history , both in terms of cost and casualties . It is one of only two nuclear energy accidents classified as a level 7 event -LRB- the maximum classification -RRB- on the International Nuclear Event Scale , the other being the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in Japan in 2011 . The struggle to safeguard against scenarios which were , at many times falsely , perceived as having the potential for greater catastrophe and the later decontamination efforts of the surroundings , ultimately involved over 500,000 workers and cost an estimated 18 billion rubles . During the accident , blast effects caused 2 deaths within the facility and later 29 firemen and employees died in the days-to-months afterward from acute radiation syndrome , with the potential for long-term cancers still being investigated .   The remains of the No. 4 reactor building were enclosed in a large sarcophagus -LRB- radiation shield -RRB- by December 1986 , at a time when what was left of the reactor was entering the cold shut-down phase ; the enclosure was built quickly as occupational safety for the crews of the other undamaged reactors at the power station , with No. 3 continuing to produce electricity into 2000 .   The accident motivated safety upgrades on all remaining Soviet-designed reactors in the RBMK -LRB- Chernobyl No. 4 -RRB- family , of which eleven continued to power electric grids as of 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Beatles were formed in London.", "evidence": "The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 . With members John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr , they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era . Rooted in skiffle , beat and 1950s rock and roll , the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles , ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock , often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways . In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as `` Beatlemania '' , and as the group 's music grew in sophistication in subsequent years , led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney , they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s .   The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960 , with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player . The core of Lennon , McCartney and Harrison went through a succession of drummers , including Pete Best , before asking Starr to join them in 1962 . Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act , and producer George Martin guided and developed their recordings , greatly expanding their popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit , `` Love Me Do '' , in late 1962 . They acquired the nickname `` the Fab Four '' as Beatlemania grew in Britain the next year , and by early 1964 became international stars , leading the `` British Invasion '' of the United States pop market . From 1965 onwards , the Beatles produced increasingly innovative recordings , including the albums Rubber Soul -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , Revolver -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , The Beatles -LRB- commonly known as the White Album , 1968 -RRB- and Abbey Road -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . After their break-up in 1970 , they each enjoyed successful musical careers of varying lengths . McCartney and Starr , the surviving members , remain musically active . Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980 , and Harrison died of lung cancer in November 2001 .   The Beatles are the best-selling band in history , with estimated sales of over 600 million records worldwide . They have had more number-one albums on the British charts and sold more singles in the UK than any other act . According to the RIAA , the Beatles are also the best-selling music artists in the United States , with 178 million certified units . In 2008 , the group topped Billboard magazine 's list of the all-time most successful `` Hot 100 '' artists ; , they hold the record for most number-one hits on the Hot 100 chart with twenty . They have received ten Grammy Awards , an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score and fifteen Ivor Novello Awards . The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 , and all four were inducted individually from 1994 to 2015 . They were also collectively included in Time magazine 's compilation of the twentieth century 's 100 most influential people .  Liverpool -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u026av\u0259rpu\u02d0l -RSB- -RRB- is a city in North West England , with an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015 . With its surrounding areas it is the fifth largest metropolitan area in the UK , with over 2.24 million people in 2011 . The local authority is Liverpool City Council , the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of Merseyside and the largest within the Liverpool City Region .   Liverpool sits on the eastern side of the Mersey Estuary , and historically lay within the ancient hundred of West Derby in the south west of the county of Lancashire . It became a borough in 1207 and a city in 1880 . In 1889 , it became a county borough independent of Lancashire . Its growth as a major port was paralleled by the expansion of the city throughout the Industrial Revolution . Along with general cargo , freight , raw materials such as coal and cotton , the city was also involved in the Atlantic slave trade . Liverpool was home to both the Cunard and White Star Line , and was the port of registry of the ocean liner RMS Titanic , the RMS Lusitania , Queen Mary and Olympic .   The popularity of The Beatles and other groups from the Merseybeat era contributes to Liverpool 's status as a tourist destination . Liverpool is also the home of two Premier League football clubs , Liverpool and Everton , matches between the two being known as the Merseyside derby . The city 's namesake club is the sole British club to win five European Cups . The world-famous Grand National horse race takes place annually at Aintree Racecourse on the outskirts of the city .   The city celebrated its 800th anniversary in 2007 , and was European Capital of Culture together with Stavanger , Norway , in 2008 . Several areas of the city centre were granted World Heritage Site status by UNESCO in 2004 . The Liverpool Maritime Mercantile City includes the Pier Head , Albert Dock , and William Brown Street . Liverpool 's status as a port city has contributed to its diverse population , which , historically , was drawn from a wide range of peoples , cultures , and religions , particularly from Ireland and Wales . The city is also home to the oldest Black African community in the country and the oldest Chinese community in Europe .   Natives of the city of Liverpool are referred to as Liverpudlians , and colloquially as `` Scousers '' , a reference to `` scouse '' , a form of stew . The word `` Scouse '' has also become synonymous with the Liverpool accent and dialect . Another term for denizens of the city is Liverpolitan , although Liverpolitan may also be used for residents of the wider Liverpool City Region .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kumail Nanjiani has declined to act in any movies.", "evidence": "Kumail Nanjiani -LRB- born February 21 , 1978 -RRB- is a Pakistani-American stand-up comedian , actor , writer , and podcast host . Nanjiani is best known for being a main cast member on HBO 's Emmy Award-nominated series Silicon Valley , as well as for providing the voice of Prismo on the Emmy Award-winning animated series Adventure Time . He starred on the TNT series Franklin & Bash and the Adult Swim series Newsreaders . Nanjiani also co-hosted the Comedy Central show The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail . In addition to his television and film work , he hosts two podcasts : The Indoor Kids and The X-Files Files .   In 2017 , Nanjiani starred in the romantic comedy film The Big Sick , which he wrote with his wife Emily V. Gordon .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Hacksaw Ridge made money.", "evidence": "Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama film about the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss , an American pacifist combat medic who was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian , refusing to carry or use a firearm or weapons of any kind . Doss became the first conscientious objector to be awarded the Medal of Honor , for service above and beyond the call of duty during the Battle of Okinawa .   The film was directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan , based on a 2004 documentary about Doss , and stars Andrew Garfield as Doss , with Sam Worthington , Luke Bracey , Teresa Palmer , Hugo Weaving , Rachel Griffiths and Vince Vaughn in supporting roles . It was released in the United States on November 4 , 2016 , received positive reviews and grossed $ 175.3 million worldwide .   Hacksaw Ridge was chosen by the American Film Institute as one of its top ten Movies of the Year , and has received numerous awards and nominations . The film received six Oscar nominations at the 89th Academy Awards , including Best Picture , Best Director , Best Actor for Garfield and Best Sound Editing , winning the awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing . It also received Golden Globe nominations for Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor , and 12 AACTA Awards nominations , winning the majority , including Best Film , Best Direction , Best Original Screenplay , Best Actor for Garfield , and Best Supporting Actor for Weaving .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "In 2010, Kick-Ass was released.", "evidence": "Kick-Ass is a 2010 British-American superhero black comedy film based on the comic book of the same name by Mark Millar and John Romita , Jr. . The film was directed by Matthew Vaughn , who produced with Brad Pitt and co-wrote the screenplay with Jane Goldman . Its general release was on 25 March 2010 in the United Kingdom and on 16 April 2010 in the United States . It is the first installment of the Kick-Ass film series .   It tells the story of an ordinary teenager , Dave Lizewski -LRB- Aaron Johnson -RRB- , who sets out to become a real-life superhero , calling himself `` Kick-Ass '' . Dave gets caught up in a bigger fight when he meets Big Daddy -LRB- Nicolas Cage -RRB- , a former cop who , in his quest to bring down the crime boss Frank D'Amico -LRB- Mark Strong -RRB- and his son -LRB- Christopher Mintz-Plasse -RRB- -LRB- Red Mist -RRB- , has trained his eleven-year-old daughter -LRB- Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz -RRB- to be the ruthless vigilante Hit-Girl .   Despite having generated some controversy for its profanity and violence performed by a child , Kick-Ass was well received by both critics and audiences . In 2011 it won the Empire Award for Best British Film . The film has gained a strong cult following since its release on DVD and Blu-ray . A sequel , written and directed by Jeff Wadlow and produced by Vaughn , was released in August 2013 , with Johnson , Mintz-Plasse , and Moretz reprising their roles .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Harry Potter confronts someone in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.", "evidence": "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final novel of the Harry Potter series , written by British author J. K. Rowling . The book was released on 21 July 2007 by Bloomsbury Publishing in the United Kingdom , in the United States by Scholastic , and in Canada by Raincoast Books , ending the series that began in 1997 with the publication of Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone . The novel chronicles the events directly following Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , and the final confrontation between the wizards Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort , as well as revealing the previously concealed back story of several main characters . The title of the book refers to three mythical objects featured in the story , collectively known as the `` Deathly Hallows '' -- an unbeatable wand , a stone to bring the dead to life , and a cloak of invisibility .   Rowling finished writing Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows in January 2007 . Before its release , Bloomsbury reportedly spent # 10 million to keep the book 's contents safe before its release date . American publisher Arthur Levine refused any copies of the novel to be released in advance for press review , although two reviews were submitted early . Shortly before release , photos of all 759 pages of the U.S. edition were leaked and transcribed , leading Scholastic to look for the source that had leaked it .   Released globally in 93 countries , Deathly Hallows broke sales records as the fastest-selling book ever , a record it still held in 2012 . It sold 15 million copies in the first 24 hours following its release , including more than 11 million in the U.S. and UK alone . The previous record , 9 million in its first day , had been held by Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince . The novel has also been translated into over 120 languages . The title proved difficult to translate and was often rendered closer to `` Harry Potter and the Relics of Death '' in other languages .   Major themes in the novel are death and living in a corrupted society , and critics have compared them to Christian allegories . Generally well-received , the book won the 2008 Colorado Blue Spruce Book Award , and the American Library Association named it a `` Best Book for Young Adults '' . A two-part film adaptation began showing in November 2010 when Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 was released ; Part 2 was released on 15 July 2011 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sophie Turner appeared in movies in 2013.", "evidence": "Sophie Turner -LRB- born 21 February 1996 -RRB- is an English actress . Turner made her professional acting debut as Sansa Stark on the HBO fantasy television series Game of Thrones -LRB- 2011 -- present -RRB- , which brought her international recognition and critical praise . For her performance , she has received four nominations for Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series , as well as a Young Artist Award nomination for Best Supporting Young Actress in a TV Series .   Turner has also starred in the television film The Thirteenth Tale -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and she made her feature film debut in Another Me -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . She has also starred in the action comedy Barely Lethal -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and played Jean Grey / Phoenix in the X-Men film series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Farrah Fawcett was the subject of an NBC documentary.", "evidence": "Farrah Fawcett -LRB- born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actress and artist . A four-time Emmy Award nominee and six-time Golden Globe Award nominee , Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster -- which became the best selling pin-up poster in history -- and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 1976 -- 1977 -RRB- . In 1996 , she was ranked No. 26 on TV Guide `` 50 Greatest TV stars of All-Time '' .   Fawcett began her career in 1968 in commercials and guest roles on television . During the 1970s , she appeared in numerous television series , including recurring roles on Harry O -LRB- 1974 -- 1976 -RRB- , and The Six Million Dollar Man -LRB- 1974 -- 1978 -RRB- with then husband , film and television star Lee Majors . Her breakthrough role came in 1976 , when she was cast as Jill Munroe in the ABC series Charlie 's Angels , alongside Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith . The show propelled all three to stardom , but especially Fawcett -LRB- then billed as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -RRB- . After appearing in only the first season , Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes . Eventually she signed a contract requiring her to make six guest appearances in the show 's third and fourth seasons -LRB- 1978 -- 1980 -RRB- . For her role in Charlie 's Angels she received her first Golden Globe nomination .   In 1983 , Fawcett received positive reviews for her performance in the Off-Broadway play Extremities . She was subsequently cast in the 1986 film version and received a Golden Globe nomination . She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices . Her 1980s work in TV movies also earned her four additional Golden Globe nominations .   In 1997 , she gained some negative press for a rambling appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman , but also garnered strong reviews for her role in the film The Apostle with Robert Duvall . She continued in numerous TV series , including recurring roles in the sitcom Spin City -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the drama The Guardian -LRB- 2002 -- 2003 -RRB- . For the latter , she received her third Emmy nomination . Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Myra Breckinridge -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Logan 's Run -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , Sunburn -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Saturn 3 -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The Cannonball Run -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Extremities -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The Apostle -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and Dr. T & the Women -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .   Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 ; the 2009 NBC documentary Farrah 's Story chronicled her battle with the disease . She posthumously earned her fourth Emmy nomination for her work as a producer on the documentary .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tiger Woods has not competed in a golf tournament.", "evidence": "Eldrick Tont `` Tiger '' Woods -LRB- born December 30 , 1975 -RRB- is an American professional golfer who is among the most successful golfers of all time . He has been one of the highest-paid athletes in the world for several years .   Following an outstanding junior , college , and amateur career , Woods turned professional at the age of 20 , at the end of the summer in 1996 . By April 1997 he had already won his first major , the 1997 Masters . Woods won this tournament in a record-breaking performance , winning by 12 strokes while pocketing $ 486,000 . He first reached the number one position in the world rankings in June 1997 , after less than a year as a professional . Throughout the 2000s , Woods was the dominant force in golf ; from August 1999 to September 2004 -LRB- 264 weeks -RRB- and from June 2005 to October 2010 -LRB- 281 weeks -RRB- , Woods was the top-ranked men 's golfer in the world .   From December 2009 to early April 2010 , Woods took leave from professional golf to focus on his personal life after he admitted infidelity . Despite attempts at reconciliation , he and his wife Elin Nordegren eventually divorced . His many alleged extramarital indiscretions were revealed by several women , through many worldwide media sources . This was followed by a loss of golf form , and his ranking gradually fell to a low of No. 58 in November 2011 . He ended a career-high winless streak of 107 weeks when he triumphed in the Chevron World Challenge in December 2011 . After winning the Arnold Palmer Invitational on March 25 , 2013 , he ascended to the No. 1 ranking once again , holding the top spot until May 2014 . Woods had back surgery in April 2014 and September 2015 and has struggled since to regain his dominant form . By March 29 , 2015 , Woods had fallen to # 104 , outside of the top 100 for the first time since 1996 . In May 2016 , Woods dropped out of the world top 500 for the first time in his professional career .   Woods has broken numerous golf records . He has been World Number One for the most consecutive weeks and for the greatest total number of weeks of any golfer . He has been awarded PGA Player of the Year a record eleven times , the Byron Nelson Award for lowest adjusted scoring average a record eight times , and has the record of leading the money list in ten different seasons .  He has won 14 professional major golf championships , the second-highest of any player -LRB- Jack Nicklaus leads with 18 -RRB- , and 79 PGA Tour events , second all time behind Sam Snead , who had 82 wins . He has more career major wins and career PGA Tour wins than any other active golfer . He is the youngest player to achieve the career Grand Slam , and the youngest and fastest to win 50 tournaments on tour . Additionally , Woods is only the second golfer -LRB- after Nicklaus -RRB- to have achieved a career Grand Slam three times . Woods has won 18 World Golf Championships , and won at least one of those events in each of the first 11 years after they began in 1999 . Woods and Rory McIlroy are the only golfers to win both The Silver Medal and The Gold Medal at The Open Championship .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Brian Eno was born in England.", "evidence": "Brian Peter George St John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno , RDI -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8i\u02d0no\u028a -RSB- born 15 May 1948 and originally christened Brian Peter George Eno -RRB- is an English musician , composer , record producer , singer , writer , and visual artist . He is best known for his pioneering work in rock , ambient , pop , and electronic music . A self-described `` non-musician '' , Eno has helped to introduce a variety of unique conceptual approaches and recording techniques into contemporary music , advocating a methodology of `` theory over practice '' throughout his career . He has been described as one of popular music 's most influential and innovative figures .   Born in Suffolk , Eno studied painting and experimental music at art school in the late 1960s before joining glam rock group Roxy Music as synthesizer player in 1971 . After recording two albums with the band , he departed in 1973 to record a number of solo albums , contributing to and ultimately coining the concept of ambient music with works such as Another Green World -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , Discreet Music -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , and Music for Airports -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . He took part in frequent collaborations with artists such as Robert Fripp , Harold Budd , Cluster , David Bowie on his `` Berlin Trilogy '' , and David Byrne on 1981 's My Life in the Bush of Ghosts . During the 1970s , Eno would also begin a parallel career as a producer , which included work on albums by Talking Heads and Devo , the no wave compilation No New York -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , and recordings by avant-garde artists such as John Cale , Jon Hassell , Laraaji , and Harold Budd , among others .   In subsequent decades , Eno continued to record solo albums , collaborate , and produce for other artists , including U2 , Coldplay , Laurie Anderson , James , Grace Jones , and Slowdive . Dating back to his time as a student , he has also pursued a variety of multimedia projects in parallel with his music career , including sound installations and his mid-70s co-development of Oblique Strategies , a deck of cards featuring cryptic aphorisms  intended to spur creative thinking . He continues to release music , produce , and write , and maintains a regular column in Prospect Magazine .  Suffolk -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8s\u028cf\u0259k -RSB- -RRB- is an East Anglian county of historic origin in England . It has borders with Norfolk to the north , Cambridgeshire to the west and Essex to the south . The North Sea lies to the east . The county town is Ipswich ; other important towns include Lowestoft , Bury St Edmunds , Newmarket and Felixstowe , one of the largest container ports in Europe .   The county is low-lying with very few hills , and is largely arable land with the wetlands of the Broads in the north . The Suffolk Coast and Heaths are an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Portugal does not share a border with Spain.", "evidence": "Portugal -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- pu\u027etu\u02c8\u0263a\u026b -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Portuguese Republic -LRB- -LSB- Rep\u00fablica Portuguesa , links = no -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- \u0281\u0268 ` publik\u0250 pu\u027etu ' \u0263ez\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- In recognized minority languages of Portugal :  Rep\u00fablica Pertuesa is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe . To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain . The Portugal -- Spain border is 1214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union . The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments .   The territory of modern Portugal has been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The Pre-Celts , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples . Portugal as a country was born in the aftermath of the Christian Reconquista against the Moors who had invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 711 AD and occupied most of it ever since . Precipitated by the seminal event for its foundation , the Battle of S\u00e3o Mamede , where Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Theresa of Portugal and her lover Fern\u00e3o Peres de Trava , which established the nation 's sovereignty against rival neighbor kingdoms . Following S\u00e3o Mamede , the future king styled himself Prince of Portugal . He would be proclaimed King of Portugal in the Battle of Ourique in 1139 and was recognised as such by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143 .   In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers . During this time , Portuguese explorers pioneered maritime exploration in the Age of Discovery , notably under royal patronage of Prince Henry the Navigator and King Jo\u00e3o II , with such notable discoveries as Bartolomeu Dias 's reach of the Cape of Good Hope -LRB- 1488 -RRB- , the Vasco da Gama 's sea route to India -LRB- 1497 -- 98 -RRB- and the discovery of Brazil -LRB- 1500 -RRB- . Portugal monopolized the spice trade during this time , and the Portuguese Empire expanded with military campaigns led in Asia . But the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake , the country 's occupation during the Napoleonic Wars , the independence of Brazil -LRB- 1822 -RRB- , and the Liberal Wars -LRB- 1828 -- 34 -RRB- , all left Portugal crippled from war and diminished in its world power .   After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy , the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established , later being superseded by the Estado Novo right-wing authoritarian regime . Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974 . Shortly after , independence was granted to almost all its overseas territories . The handover of Macau to China in 1999 marked the end of the longest-lived colonial empire . Portugal has left a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today .   Portugal is a developed country with a high-income advanced economy and a high living standard . It is the 5th most peaceful country in the world , maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government . It has the 18th highest Social Progress in the world , putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France , Spain and Italy . A founding member of NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , it is also a member of numerous other international organizations , including the United Nations , the European Union , the eurozone , and the OECD .   Portugal is a pioneer when it comes to drug decriminalization , as the nation decriminalized the possession of all drugs for personal use in 2001 .   LGBT rights in Portugal have improved substantially in the past two decades and are now among the best in the world . Moreover , after years of investment and cooperation , Portugal marked a climax on renewable energy worldwide in 2016 , when it was powered for 107 consecutive hours exclusively by wind , sun , and water , which advocates say further shows fossil fuels are indeed replaceable .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Steven Knight was born in 1959.", "evidence": "Steven Knight -LRB- born 1959 -RRB- is a British screenwriter and film director . He read English at University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- . Knight has written the screenplays for the films Closed Circuit , Dirty Pretty Things and Eastern Promises , and also directed as well as written the films Locke and Hummingbird -LRB- a.k.a. Redemption -RRB- . Knight is also one of three creators of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? , a game show that has been remade and aired in around 160 countries worldwide , and has written for BBC 's Commercial Breakdown , The Detectives , Peaky Blinders and Taboo .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Suits is a show about lawyers.", "evidence": "Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh . The series premiered on June 23 , 2011 , on the cable network USA , and is produced by Universal Cable . Suits is set at a fictional law firm in New York City . The focal point of the show follows talented college dropout Mike Ross -LRB- Patrick J. Adams -RRB- , who initially works as a law associate for Harvey Specter -LRB- Gabriel Macht -RRB- , despite never actually attending law school . The show focuses on Harvey and Mike managing to close cases while maintaining Mike 's secret .   Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively . On top of two nominations recognizing her role as a supporting actress , Torres was awarded Outstanding Performance in a Television Series at the 2013 NHMC Impact Awards . Adams was nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series at the 2012 Screen Actors Guild Awards , and the show itself has been nominated for two People 's Choice Awards .   In August 2016 , the series was renewed for a 16-episode seventh season , which is set to premiere on July 12 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tom Hanks has been granted at least three awards.", "evidence": "Thomas Jeffrey Hanks -LRB- born July 9 , 1956 -RRB- is an American actor and filmmaker . He is known for his various comedic and dramatic film roles , including Splash -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , Big -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , Turner & Hooch -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , A League of Their Own -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Sleepless in Seattle -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Philadelphia -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Forrest Gump -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Apollo 13 -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Saving Private Ryan -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , You 've Got Mail -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , The Green Mile -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Cast Away -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Road to Perdition -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and The Da Vinci Code -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , as well as for his voice work in the animated films The Polar Express -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and the Toy Story series .   Hanks ' films have grossed more than $ 4.5 billion at U.S. and Canadian box offices and more than $ 9.0 billion worldwide , making him the third-highest-grossing actor in North America . Hanks has been nominated for numerous awards during his career . He won a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in Philadelphia , as well as a Golden Globe , an Academy Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , and a People 's Choice Award for Best Actor for his role in Forrest Gump . In 2004 , he received the Stanley Kubrick Britannia Award for Excellence in Film from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts -LRB- BAFTA -RRB- . In 2014 , he received a Kennedy Center Honor and , in 2016 , he received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama , as well as the French Legion of Honor .   Hanks is also known for his collaborations with film director Steven Spielberg on Saving Private Ryan , Catch Me If You Can -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , The Terminal -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and Bridge of Spies -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , as well as the 2001 miniseries Band of Brothers , which launched Hanks as a successful director , producer , and screenwriter . In 2010 , Spielberg and Hanks were executive producers on the HBO miniseries The Pacific -LRB- a companion piece to Band of Brothers -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dwyane Wade was rejected for the All-Rookie team.", "evidence": "Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. -LRB- -LSB- dwe\u026an -RSB- ; born January 17 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- . He has established himself as one of the most well-known and popular players in the league . Wade had the top-selling jersey in the NBA for nearly two years , leading the league in jersey sales from the 2005 NBA Playoffs , until the midpoint of the 2006 -- 07 season .   After a successful college career at Marquette , Wade was drafted fifth overall in the 2003 NBA draft by the Miami Heat . He was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following twelve seasons . In his third season , Wade led the Heat to their first NBA championship in franchise history and was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP . At the 2008 Summer Olympics , Wade led the United States men 's basketball team , commonly known as the `` Redeem Team '' , in scoring , and helped them capture gold medal honors in Beijing , China . In the 2008 -- 09 season , Wade led the league in scoring and earned his first NBA scoring title . With LeBron James and Chris Bosh , Wade guided Miami to four consecutive NBA Finals from 2011 to 2014 , winning back-to-back championships in 2012 and 2013 . In 2016 , Wade departed the Heat in free agency to play for the Chicago Bulls .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Homesman features American actor John Lithgow.", "evidence": "The Homesman is a 2014 French-American historical period drama set in the 1850s Midwest , directed and co-produced by Tommy Lee Jones and co-written with Kieran Fitzgerald and Wesley Oliver , based on the 1988 novel of the same name by Glendon Swarthout . The film stars Jones and Hilary Swank and also features Meryl Streep , Hailee Steinfeld , John Lithgow , and James Spader .   The film was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and received a North American limited release on November 14 , 2014 by Roadside Attractions . The Homesman has received mostly positive reviews from critics . Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating average of 7.1 / 10 .   The title refers to the task of taking immigrants back home , which was typically a man 's job to carry out .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Star Wars' soundtrack was recorded in England.", "evidence": "Star Wars -LRB- later retitled Star Wars : Episode IV -- A New Hope -RRB- is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas . The first installment in the Star Wars film series , it stars Mark Hamill , Harrison Ford , Carrie Fisher , Peter Cushing , and Alec Guinness . David Prowse , James Earl Jones , Anthony Daniels , Kenny Baker , and Peter Mayhew co-star in supporting roles . The film 's plot focuses on the Rebel Alliance , led by Princess Leia -LRB- Fisher -RRB- , and its attempt to destroy the Galactic Empire 's space station , the Death Star . This conflict disrupts the isolated life of farmhand Luke Skywalker -LRB- Hamill -RRB- , who inadvertently acquires a pair of droids that possess stolen architectural plans for the Death Star . When the Empire begins a destructive search for the missing droids , Skywalker accompanies Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi -LRB- Guinness -RRB- on a mission to return the plans to the Rebel Alliance and rescue Leia from her imprisonment by the Empire .   Star Wars was released theatrically in the United States on May 25 , 1977 . It earned $ 461 million in the U.S. and $ 314 million overseas , totaling $ 775 million . It surpassed Jaws -LRB- 1975 -RRB- to become the highest-grossing film of all time until the release of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . When adjusted for inflation , Star Wars is the second-highest-grossing film in North America , and the third-highest-grossing film in the world . It received ten Academy Award nominations -LRB- including Best Picture -RRB- , winning seven . It was among the first films to be selected as part of the U.S. Library of Congress ' National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' . At the time , it was the most recent film on the registry and the only one chosen from the 1970s . Its soundtrack was added to the U.S. National Recording Registry in 2004 . Today , it is often regarded as one of the best films of all time , as well as one of the most important films in the history of motion pictures . It launched an industry of tie-in products , including TV series spinoffs , novels , comic books , and video games , and merchandise including toys , games and clothing .   The film 's success led to two critically and commercially successful sequels , The Empire Strikes Back -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and Return of the Jedi -LRB- 1983 -RRB- . Star Wars was reissued multiple times at Lucas ' behest , incorporating many changes including modified computer-generated effects , altered dialogue , re-edited shots , remixed soundtracks , and added scenes . A prequel trilogy was released from 1999 to 2005 , followed by a sequel trilogy beginning in 2015 . In 2016 , Rogue One was released as a direct prequel to the original Star Wars film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The cast of The Playboy Club includes Leah Renee.", "evidence": "The Playboy Club is an American historical crime drama television series that aired on NBC from September 19 to October 3 , 2011 . Set in 1961 , the series centers on the employees -LRB- known as Bunnies -RRB- of the original Playboy Club operating in Chicago . The Playboy Club stars Eddie Cibrian , Laura Benanti , Amber Heard , Jenna Dewan Tatum , Naturi Naughton , Leah Renee , Wes Ramsey , Jenifer Lewis , and David Krumholtz .   The Playboy Club was canceled on October 4 , 2011 , after three episodes aired , due to its low ratings . It was the first cancellation of the 2011 -- 12 television season . NBC continued to film the series until October 10 , 2011 , hoping to sell the series to another network . Both Playboy magnate Hugh Hefner and show creator Chad Hodge have expressed hope that the series will be picked up by Bravo .   When production wrapped on October 10 , 2011 , Hodge and Laura Benanti both confirmed that they had finished seven episodes , including the pilot . Benanti further stated that the seventh episode has two endings , one of which is more final to the series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Portuguese Empire was an empire in world history.", "evidence": "The Portuguese Empire -LRB- Imp\u00e9rio Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , also known as the Portuguese Overseas -LRB- Ultramar Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance . It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .   The first era of the Portuguese empire originated at the beginning of the Age of Discovery . Initiated by the Kingdom of Portugal , it would eventually expand across the globe . Portuguese sailors began exploring the coast of Africa and the Atlantic archipelagos in 1418 -- 19 , using recent developments in navigation , cartography and maritime technology such as the caravel , in order that they might find a sea route to the source of the lucrative spice trade . In 1488 , Bartolomeu Dias rounded the Cape of Good Hope , and in 1498 , Vasco da Gama reached India . In 1500 , either by an accidental landfall or by the crown 's secret design , Pedro \u00c1lvares Cabral discovered Brazil on the South American coast .   Over the following decades , Portuguese sailors continued to explore the coasts and islands of East Asia , establishing forts and factories as they went . By 1571 , a string of naval outposts connected Lisbon to Nagasaki along the coasts of Africa , the Middle East , India and South Asia . This commercial network and the colonial trade had a substantial positive impact on Portuguese economic growth -LRB- 1500-1800 -RRB- , when it accounted for about a fifth of Portugal 's per capita income .   When Philip II of Spain , I of Portugal , inherited the Portuguese crown in 1580 , this began a 60-year union between Spain and Portugal that has since been given the historiographic term of the Iberian Union . Though the realms continued to be administered separately , the Council of Portugal ruled the country and its empire from Madrid . As the King of Spain was also King of Portugal , Portuguese colonies became the subject of attacks by three rival European powers hostile to Spain : the Dutch Republic , England , and France . With its smaller population , Portugal was unable to effectively defend its overstretched network of trading posts , and the empire began a long and gradual decline . Eventually , Brazil became the most valuable colony of the second era until , as part of the wave of independence movements that swept the Americas during the early 19th century , it broke away in 1822 .   The third era represents the final stage of Portuguese colonialism after the decolonization of the Americas of the 1820s . The colonial possessions had been reduced to the African coastline -LRB- expanded inland during the Scramble for Africa in the late 19th century -RRB- , Portuguese Timor , and enclaves in India -LRB- Goa -RRB- and China -LRB- Macau -RRB- . The disastrous 1890 British Ultimatum led to the contraction of Portuguese ambitions in Africa .   Under Ant\u00f3nio Salazar , the Second Portuguese Republic made some ill-fated attempts to hold on to its last remaining colonies and overseas provinces after the 1961 Indian annexation of Goa , embarking on the Portuguese Colonial War in Africa which lasted until the final overthrow of the regime in the Carnation Revolution of 1974 . Macau was returned to China in 1999 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chris Froome's parents are people.", "evidence": "Christopher Clive Froome , -LRB- born 20 May 1985 -RRB- is a British professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam , who competed for Kenya until 2008 . A three-time winner of the Tour de France , and three-time runner-up in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a , he is seen as one of the most successful stage-racing riders of the recent era . Froome , who was brought up in Kenya and South Africa , has ridden under a British licence since 2008 on the basis that both his parents are British .   In 2007 , at the age of 22 , Froome turned professional with Team Konica Minolta . He moved to Europe to further his career , joining team . In 2010 , he moved to and has become one of the team 's key cyclists . Froome made his breakthrough as a Grand Tour contender during the 2011 Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a where he finished second overall .   At the 2012 Tour de France , riding as a super-domestique for Bradley Wiggins , Froome won stage seven and finished second overall , behind only Wiggins in the same race as the best British performance in the race 's history . In the same year , he also won the bronze medal in the time trial event at the Olympic Games and finished fourth in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a . His first multi-stage race win came in 2013 , in the Tour of Oman , followed by wins in the Crit\u00e9rium International , the Tour de Romandie , the Crit\u00e9rium du Dauphin\u00e9 , and the Tour de France .   As a defending champion , he began 2014 by again winning the Tour of Oman , followed by a repeat victory in the Tour de Romandie . After retiring from the 2014 Tour de France , he came back to place second in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a . In 2015 , he won his second Crit\u00e9rium du Dauphin\u00e9 and his second Tour de France . In 2016 , he won a third Tour title , and became the first man since Miguel Indurain in 1995 to defend his title .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shueisha is a publisher headquartered in Maine.", "evidence": "is a Japanese book and video game publisher headquartered in Chiyoda , Tokyo , Japan . The company was founded in 1925 as the entertainment-related publishing division of Japanese publisher Shogakukan . The following year , Shueisha became a separate , independent company .   Magazines published by Shueisha include Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump , Weekly Young Jump , Non-no and Ultra Jump . Shueisha , along with Shogakukan , owns VIZ Media , which publishes manga from all three companies in North America .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Friendship has been studied in academic disciplines like anthropology.", "evidence": "Friendship is a relationship of mutual affection between people . Friendship is a stronger form of interpersonal bond than an association . Friendship has been studied in academic fields such as communication , sociology , social psychology , anthropology , and philosophy . Various academic theories of friendship have been proposed , including social exchange theory , equity theory , relational dialectics , and attachment styles . A World Happiness Database study found that people with close friendships are happier .   Although there are many forms of friendship , some of which may vary from place to place , certain characteristics are present in many types of bond . Such characteristics include affection ; sympathy ; empathy ; honesty ; altruism ; mutual understanding and compassion ; enjoyment of each other 's company ; trust ; and the ability to be oneself , express one 's feelings , and make mistakes without fear of judgment from the friend .   While there is no practical limit on what types of people can form a friendship , friends tend to share common backgrounds , occupations , or interests and have similar demographics .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Belgium is comprised of three regions.", "evidence": "Belgium -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8b\u025bld\u0292\u0259m -RSB- Belgi\u00eb -LSB- \u02c8b\u025bl\u0263ij\u0259 -RSB- ; Belgique -LSB- b\u025bl\u0292ik -RSB- ; Belgien -LSB- \u02c8b\u025bl\u0261i\u032f\u0259n -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Kingdom of Belgium , is a sovereign state in Western Europe bordered by France , the Netherlands , Germany , Luxembourg , and the North Sea . It is a small , densely populated country which covers an area of 30528 km2 and has a population of about 11 million people . Straddling the cultural boundary between Germanic and Latin Europe , Belgium is home to two main linguistic groups : the Dutch-speaking , mostly Flemish community , which constitutes about 59 % of the population , and the French-speaking , mostly Walloon population , which comprises 41 % of all Belgians . Additionally , there is a small group of German-speakers who live in the East Cantons located around the High Fens area , and bordering Germany .   Historically , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg -LRB- along with parts of Northern France and Western Germany -RRB- were known as the Low Countries ; it once covered a somewhat larger area than the current Benelux group of states . The region was called Belgica in Latin , after the Roman province of Gallia Belgica . From the end of the Middle Ages until the 17th century , the area of Belgium was a prosperous and cosmopolitan centre of commerce and culture . From the 16th century until the Belgian Revolution in 1830 , when Belgium seceded from the Netherlands , the area of Belgium served as the battleground between many European powers , causing it to be dubbed the `` Battlefield of Europe , ''  a reputation strengthened by both world wars .   Today , Belgium is a federal constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of governance . It is divided into three regions and three communities , that exist next to each other . Its two largest regions are the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders in the north and the French-speaking southern region of Wallonia . The Brussels-Capital Region is an officially bilingual -LRB- French and Dutch -RRB- enclave within the Flemish Region .  A German-speaking Community exists in eastern Wallonia .  Belgium 's linguistic diversity and related political conflicts are reflected in its political history and complex system of governance , made up of six different governments .   Belgium participated in the Industrial Revolution  and , during the course of the 20th century , possessed a number of colonies in Africa . The second half of the 20th century was marked by rising tensions between the Dutch-speaking and the French-speaking citizens fueled by differences in language and culture and the unequal economic development of Flanders and Wallonia . This continuing antagonism has led to several far-reaching reforms , resulting in a transition from a unitary to a federal arrangement during the period from 1970 to 1993 . Despite the reforms , tensions between the groups have remained , if not increased ; there is significant separatism particularly among the Flemish ; controversial language laws exist such as the municipalities with language facilities ; and the formation of a coalition government took 18 months following the June 2010 federal election , a world record . Belgium is one of the six founding countries of the European Union and hosts the official seats of the European Commission , Council of the European Union , and European Council , as well as a seat of the European Parliament in the country 's capital , Brussels . Belgium is also a founding member of the Eurozone , NATO , OECD and WTO , and a part of the trilateral Benelux Union . Its capital , Brussels , hosts several of the EU 's official seats as well as the headquarters of many major international organizations such as NATO.Belgium is a member of , or affiliated to , many international organizations , including ACCT , AfDB , AsDB , Australia Group , Benelux , BIS , CCC , CE , CERN , EAPC , EBRD , EIB , EMU , ESA , EU , FAO , G-10 , IAEA , IBRD , ICAO , ICC , ICRM , IDA , IDB , IEA , IFAD , IFC , IFRCS , IHO , ILO , IMF , IMO , IMSO , Intelsat , Interpol , IOC , IOM , ISO , ITU , MONUC -LRB- observers -RRB- , NATO , NEA , NSG , OAS -LRB- observer -RRB- , OECD , OPCW , OSCE , PCA , UN , UNCTAD , UNECE , UNESCO , UNHCR , UNIDO , UNMIK , UNMOGIP , UNRWA , UNTSO , UPU , WADB -LRB- non-regional -RRB- , WEU , WHO , WIPO , WMO , WTrO , ZC . Belgium is also a part of the Schengen Area . Belgium is a developed country , with an advanced high-income economy and is categorized as `` very high '' in the Human Development Index .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Apple Inc.'s consumer software lacks the iOS operating system.", "evidence": "Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services . The company 's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone , the iPad tablet computer , the Mac personal computer , the iPod portable media player , the Apple Watch smartwatch , and the Apple TV digital media player . Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites . Its online services include the iTunes Store , the iOS App Store and Mac App Store , Apple Music , and iCloud .   Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers . It was incorporated as Apple Computer , Inc. in January 1977 , and sales of its computers saw significant momentum and revenue growth for the company . Within a few years , they had hired a staff of computer designers and had a production line . Apple went public in 1980 to instant financial success . Over the next few years , Apple shipped new computers featuring innovative graphical user interfaces , and Apple 's marketing commercials for its products received widespread critical acclaim . However , the high price tag of its products and limited software titles caused problems , as did power struggles between executives at the company . Jobs resigned from Apple and created his own company . As the market for personal computers increased , Apple 's computers saw diminishing sales due to lower-priced products from competitors , in particular those offered with the Microsoft Windows operating system . More executive job shuffles happened at Apple until then-CEO Gil Amelio in 1997 decided to buy Jobs ' company to bring him back . Jobs regained position as CEO , and began a process to rebuild Apple 's status , which included opening Apple 's own retail stores in 2001 , making numerous acquisitions of software companies to create a portfolio of software titles , and changed some of the hardware technology used in its computers . It again saw success and returned to profitability . In January 2007 , Jobs announced that Apple Computer , Inc. would be renamed Apple Inc. to reflect its shifted focus toward consumer electronics , and announced the iPhone , which saw critical acclaim and significant financial success . In August 2011 , Jobs resigned as CEO due to health complications , and Tim Cook became the new CEO . Two months later , Jobs died , marking the end of an era for the company .   Apple is the world 's largest information technology company by revenue , and the world 's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer after Samsung . In February 2015 , Apple became the first U.S. company to be valued at over US$ 700billion . The company employs 116,000 full-time employees and maintains 496 retail stores in 21 countries . It operates the iTunes Store , which is the world 's largest music retailer . , more than one billion Apple products are actively in use worldwide .   Apple 's worldwide annual revenue totaled $ 215billion for the 2016 fiscal year . The company enjoys a high level of brand loyalty and has been repeatedly ranked as the world 's most valuable brand . However , it receives significant criticism regarding the labor practices of its contractors and its environmental and business practices , including the origins of source materials .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kris Wu starred in a Chinese film called Journey to the West.", "evidence": "Wu Yifan -LRB- , pronounced -LSB- - cmnu2-i4fan4 -RSB- , ; born November 6 , 1990 -RRB- , professionally known as Kris Wu or Kris , is a Chinese-born Canadian actor , singer , and model . He is active as a solo artist and actor in China and has starred in several # 1 box office hits including Mr. Six and Journey to the West : The Demons Strike Back , which are among the highest-grossing Chinese films of all time in China . He made his Hollywood debut in xXx : Return of Xander Cage -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Super Metroid is a movie sequel.", "evidence": "Super Metroid is a 2D side-scrolling action-adventure video game developed and published by Nintendo and released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 . It is a third game in the Metroid series . The story takes place after the events of the 1991 Game Boy game , Metroid II : Return of Samus . The player takes on the role of an intergalactic bounty hunter Samus Aran as she travels to planet Zebes in an attempt to retrieve an infant Metroid stolen by the Space Pirate leader Ridley .   Super Metroid was directed and written by Yoshio Sakamoto , and produced by Makoto Kano , with Gunpei Yokoi serving as general manager . It was developed over the course of two years , with a year prior to gain approval for the inital idea , as the developers wanted to make a good action game , and to set the stage for Samus 's reappearance . The gameplay focuses on exploration , with the player searching for power-ups that are used to reach previously inaccessible areas . It features new concepts to the series , such as the inventory screen , an automapping facility , and the ability to fire in all directions .   Super Metroid received acclaim from critics , who praised its atmosphere , gameplay , music and graphics . It is often described as one of the best video games of all time . While the game did not sell well in Japan , it fared better in North America , and had shipped 1.42 million copies worldwide by late 2003 . Super Metroid became popular among players for speedrunning , and its gameplay and design influenced other games . The game , along with Konami 's Castlevania : Symphony of the Night , also popularized the Metroidvania genre . The game was followed by the 2002 release of Metroid Fusion and Metroid Prime , ending the series ' eight-year hiatus . Since 2007 , Super Metroid has been released for the Virtual Console service on the Wii , the Wii U , and the New Nintendo 3DS .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "One America News Network is abbreviated as OANN.", "evidence": "One America News Network -LRB- abbreviated as OANN -RRB- , commonly referred to as One America News -LRB- abbreviated as OAN -RRB- , is an American cable news television channel that is owned by Herring Networks , Inc. . The network is headquartered in San Diego , California , and operates a news bureau in Washington , D.C. and New York City .   Originally envisioned as a conservative-oriented news network , OAN 's stated focus is delivering a credible source of national and international news 24/7 . OAN features news programming and political talk shows , along with network special documentary-style reports . OAN states a goal of delivering objective news coverage and political talk shows that illustrate a strong conservative view .   The channel was launched on July 4 , 2013 . One America has national carriage on DirecTV , Verizon FiOS and AT&T U-verse , along with a number of regional cable providers , including Frontier Communications , CenturyLink PRISM TV , Consolidated Communications , Buckeye Broadband , and GCI . On April 5 , 2017 , DirecTV started carrying OAN on channel 347 . As of April 2017 , One America News Network is available in 35 million homes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Garner is a board member of Save the Children.", "evidence": "Jennifer Anne Garner -LRB- born April 17 , 1972 -RRB- is an American actress . Her breakthrough film debut was in the comedy Dude , Where 's My Car -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Following a supporting role in Pearl Harbor , Garner gained recognition for her performance as CIA officer Sydney Bristow in the ABC spy-action thriller Alias , which aired from 2001 to 2006 . For her work on the series , she won a Golden Globe Award and a SAG Award and received four Emmy Award nominations .   While working on Alias , Garner gained a cameo role in Catch Me if You Can -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , followed by a praised leading performance in the romantic comedy film 13 Going on 30 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . Garner has appeared in supporting as well as lead film roles including the superhero films Daredevil -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and Elektra -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , the comedy-drama Juno -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and the fantasy romantic comedy The Invention of Lying -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . In the 2010s , she appeared in the romantic-comedy film Valentine 's Day , the fantasy comedy-drama film The Odd Life of Timothy Green -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the biographical drama Dallas Buyers Club -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and the comedy Alexander and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Garner works frequently as an activist for early childhood education and is a board member of Save the Children . She is also an advocate for anti-paparazzi campaigns among children of celebrities . Garner had a five-year relationship with Scott Foley from 1998 to 2003 , during which they married . Garner married Ben Affleck in 2005 , with whom she has three children ; they separated in 2015 and filed for divorce in April 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Portuguese Empire existed during the Renaissance.", "evidence": "The Portuguese Empire -LRB- Imp\u00e9rio Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , also known as the Portuguese Overseas -LRB- Ultramar Portugu\u00eas -RRB- , was one of the largest and longest-lived empires in world history and the first colonial empire of the Renaissance . It existed for almost six centuries from the capture of Ceuta in 1415 to the grant of sovereignty to East Timor in 2002 .   The first era of the Portuguese empire originated at the beginning of the Age of Discovery . Initiated by the Kingdom of Portugal , it would eventually expand across the globe . Portuguese sailors began exploring the coast of Africa and the Atlantic archipelagos in 1418 -- 19 , using recent developments in navigation , cartography and maritime technology such as the caravel , in order that they might find a sea route to the source of the lucrative spice trade . In 1488 , Bartolomeu Dias rounded the Cape of Good Hope , and in 1498 , Vasco da Gama reached India . In 1500 , either by an accidental landfall or by the crown 's secret design , Pedro \u00c1lvares Cabral discovered Brazil on the South American coast .   Over the following decades , Portuguese sailors continued to explore the coasts and islands of East Asia , establishing forts and factories as they went . By 1571 , a string of naval outposts connected Lisbon to Nagasaki along the coasts of Africa , the Middle East , India and South Asia . This commercial network and the colonial trade had a substantial positive impact on Portuguese economic growth -LRB- 1500-1800 -RRB- , when it accounted for about a fifth of Portugal 's per capita income .   When Philip II of Spain , I of Portugal , inherited the Portuguese crown in 1580 , this began a 60-year union between Spain and Portugal that has since been given the historiographic term of the Iberian Union . Though the realms continued to be administered separately , the Council of Portugal ruled the country and its empire from Madrid . As the King of Spain was also King of Portugal , Portuguese colonies became the subject of attacks by three rival European powers hostile to Spain : the Dutch Republic , England , and France . With its smaller population , Portugal was unable to effectively defend its overstretched network of trading posts , and the empire began a long and gradual decline . Eventually , Brazil became the most valuable colony of the second era until , as part of the wave of independence movements that swept the Americas during the early 19th century , it broke away in 1822 .   The third era represents the final stage of Portuguese colonialism after the decolonization of the Americas of the 1820s . The colonial possessions had been reduced to the African coastline -LRB- expanded inland during the Scramble for Africa in the late 19th century -RRB- , Portuguese Timor , and enclaves in India -LRB- Goa -RRB- and China -LRB- Macau -RRB- . The disastrous 1890 British Ultimatum led to the contraction of Portuguese ambitions in Africa .   Under Ant\u00f3nio Salazar , the Second Portuguese Republic made some ill-fated attempts to hold on to its last remaining colonies and overseas provinces after the 1961 Indian annexation of Goa , embarking on the Portuguese Colonial War in Africa which lasted until the final overthrow of the regime in the Carnation Revolution of 1974 . Macau was returned to China in 1999 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "One actor is Scott Eastwood.", "evidence": "Scott Eastwood -LRB- born Scott Clinton Reeves ; March 21 , 1986 -RRB- is an American actor , model , and professional skydiver . He has appeared in the films Flags of Our Fathers -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Gran Torino -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Invictus -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , The Forger -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Trouble with the Curve -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Texas Chainsaw -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , Fury -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , The Perfect Wave -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , The Longest Ride -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Mercury Plains -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , Suicide Squad -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , Snowden -LRB- 2016 -RRB- and The Fate of the Furious -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . He has also been the model for the fragrance Cool Water by Davidoff . He is the youngest son of Academy Award-winning actor-director Clint Eastwood and second youngest of Jacelyn Reeves .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tall Story is a romantic comedy club.", "evidence": "Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 . It is based on the 1957 novel `` The Homecoming Game '' by Howard Nemerov , which was the basis of a successful 1959 Broadway play , called Tall Story , by the writing team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse . The film was a considerable departure from Logan 's previous two projects , the drama Sayonara , which won multiple Academy Awards , and the blockbuster South Pacific and was Robert Redford 's first film ever , where he played an uncredited basketball player .   Tall Story is a farcical social satire of American campus life , making fun of the way college life can become a marriage market for some students . Fonda portrays a character who is the complete opposite of the independent liberated woman she later personified .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "X-Men: Days of Future Past is a novel based on X-Men characters in comics.", "evidence": "X-Men : Days of Future Past is a 2014 American superhero film based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics . Directed by Bryan Singer , it is the seventh installment of the X-Men film series and acts as a sequel to both 2006 's X-Men : The Last Stand and 2011 's X-Men : First Class . The story , inspired by the 1981 Uncanny X-Men storyline `` Days of Future Past '' by Chris Claremont and John Byrne , focuses on two time periods , with Wolverine traveling back in time to 1973 to change history and prevent an event that results in doom for both humans and mutants . The film features an ensemble cast , including Hugh Jackman , James McAvoy , Michael Fassbender , Jennifer Lawrence , Halle Berry , Anna Paquin , Ellen Page , Peter Dinklage , Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart . Simon Kinberg wrote the screenplay from a story conceived by Jane Goldman , himself , and Matthew Vaughn .   Vaughn had directed First Class and was set to return in Days of Future Past before leaving for Kingsman : The Secret Service . Thus Singer , who had directed the first two X-Men films , made his return as a director , and brought along most of the crew from those productions . With a budget of $ 200 million , principal photography began in Montreal , Quebec in April 2013 and concluded in August the same year , with additional filming and pick-ups taking place in November 2013 and February 2014 . Twelve companies handled the visual effects .   X-Men : Days of Future Past premiered in New York City on May 10 , 2014 , and was theatrically released on May 23 . It became the best-reviewed film in the X-Men film series released thus far -LRB- surpassed only by Logan in 2017 -RRB- , being praised for its story , visual effects , action scenes , acting and thematic elements . During its theatrical run , the film earned over $ 747 million worldwide , making it the 6th highest grossing film of 2014 , as well as the second highest-grossing film in the series behind Deadpool . The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects , making it the first X-Men film to be nominated for an Oscar . A sequel , X-Men : Apocalypse , was released on May 27 , 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Richard Eyre is a television director.", "evidence": "Sir Richard Charles Hastings Eyre -LRB- born 28 March 1943 -RRB- is an English film , theatre , television and opera director .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Furious 7 began principal photography in the summer of 2013.", "evidence": "Furious 7 -LRB- alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 -RRB- is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan . It is the seventh installment in The Fast and the Furious franchise . The film stars Vin Diesel , Paul Walker , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris ` Ludacris ' Bridges , Jordana Brewster , Djimon Hounsou , Kurt Russell , and Jason Statham . Furious 7 follows Dominic Toretto -LRB- Diesel -RRB- , Brian O'Conner -LRB- Walker -RRB- , and the rest of their team , who have returned to the United States to live normal lives after securing amnesty for their past crimes in Fast & Furious 6 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , until Deckard Shaw -LRB- Statham -RRB- , a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his comatose younger brother , puts the team in danger once again .   With the previous three installments set between 2 Fast 2 Furious -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Furious 7 is the first installment in the franchise to take place after Tokyo Drift . The film also marks the final film appearance of Walker , who died in a single-vehicle crash on November 30 , 2013 with filming only half-completed . Following Walker 's death , filming was delayed for script rewrites , and his brothers , Caleb and Cody , were used as stand-ins to complete his remaining scenes . These script rewrites completed the story arcs for both Walker and Brewster 's characters -LRB- Brian O'Conner and Mia Toretto , respectively -RRB- , causing both to be retired . As a result , it is also the final installment in the franchise to star Brewster .   Plans for a seventh installment were first announced in February 2012 when Johnson stated that production on the film would begin after the completion of Fast & Furious 6 . In April 2013 , Wan , predominantly known for horror films , was announced to direct the film in place of Justin Lin , who left the franchise after directing the previous four installments . Casting began in the same month with the re-signing of Diesel and Walker , and an initial release date was set . Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .   Furious 7 premiered in Los Angeles on April 1 , 2015 , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 3 , 2015 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D , and 4DX internationally . Upon release , the film became a critical and commercial success , with praise being aimed at the film 's action sequences and its tribute to Walker . The film grossed $ 397.6 million worldwide during its opening weekend , which is the sixth highest-grossing opening of all time . The film has grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide -- more than the franchise 's first five installments combined -- making it the highest-grossing film of the franchise after just twelve days , the third highest-grossing film of 2015 and the sixth highest-grossing film of all time . A sequel , The Fate of the Furious , was released on April 14 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Prakash Jha is an actor.", "evidence": "Prakash Jha -LRB- born 27 February 1952 -RRB- is an Indian film producer , actor , director and screenwriter , mostly known for his political and socio-political films such as Damul -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , Mrityudand -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Gangaajal -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Apaharan -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , including multistarrer hit movies Raajneeti -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Aarakshan -LRB- 2011 -RRB- Chakravyuh -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Satyagraha -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . He is also the maker of National Film Award winning documentaries like , Faces After The Storm -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Sonal -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .   Jha runs a production company , Prakash Jha Productions . Jha also owns the P&M Mall in Patna .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Splatoon 2 is the only game in its franchise.", "evidence": "Splatoon 2 is an upcoming third-person shooter video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch . It is the sequel to the 2015 Wii U title , Splatoon , and is a team-based third-person shooter which is playable by up to eight players in online four-versus-four matches . The game was announced in January 2017 , and will be released worldwide in July 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Nepal was ruled by the Shah dynasty until 2008.", "evidence": "fi     Nepal -LRB- -LSB- Nep\u0101lhelp = no -RSB- -RCB- -RCB- -LSB- ne\u02c8pal -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia . Nepal is divided into 7 provinces and 75 districts and 744 local units including 4 metropolises , 13 sub-metropolises , 246 municipal councils and 481 villages . It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area . Bordering China in the north and India in the south , east , and west , it is the largest sovereign Himalayan state . Nepal does not border Bangladesh , which is located within only 27 km -LRB- 17 mi -RRB- of its southeastern tip . Neither does it border Bhutan due to the Indian state of Sikkim being located in between . Nepal has a diverse geography , including fertile plains , subalpine forested hills , and eight of the world 's ten tallest mountains , including Mount Everest , the highest point on Earth . Kathmandu is the nation 's capital and largest city . It is a multiethnic nation with Nepali as the official language .   The territory of Nepal has a recorded history since the Neolithic age . The name `` Nepal '' is first recorded in texts from the Vedic Age , the era which founded Hinduism , the predominant religion of the country . In the middle of the first millennium BCE , Gautama Buddha , the founder of Buddhism , was born in southern Nepal . Parts of northern Nepal were intertwined with the culture of Tibet . The Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal became known as Nepal proper because of its complex urban civilisation . It was the seat of the prosperous Newar confederacy known as Nepal Mandala . The Himalayan branch of the ancient Silk Road was dominated by the valley 's traders . The cosmopolitan region developed distinct traditional art and architecture . By the 18th century , the Gorkha Kingdom achieved the unification of Nepal . The Shah dynasty established the Kingdom of Nepal and later formed an alliance with the British Empire , under its Rana dynasty of premiers . The country was never colonised but served as a buffer state between Imperial China and Colonial India . In the 20th century , Nepal ended its isolation and forged strong ties with regional powers . Parliamentary democracy was introduced in 1951 , but was twice suspended by Nepalese monarchs in 1960 and 2005 . The Nepalese Civil War resulted in the proclamation of a republic in 2008 , ending the reign of the world 's last Hindu monarchy .   Modern Nepal is a federal secular parliamentary republic . It has seven states . Nepal is a developing nation , ranking 144th on the Human Development Index -LRB- HDI -RRB- in 2016 . The country struggles with the transition from a monarchy to a republic . It also suffers from high levels of hunger and poverty . Despite these challenges , Nepal is making steady progress , with the government declaring its commitment to elevate the nation from least developed country status by 2022 . Nepal also has a vast potential to generate hydropower for export .   Nepal 's foreign relations expanded after the Anglo-Nepal Treaty of 1923 , which was recognised by the League of Nations . After a Soviet veto in 1949 , Nepal was admitted to the United Nations in 1955 . Friendship treaties were signed with the Dominion of India in 1950 and the People 's Republic of China in 1960 . Nepal hosts the permanent secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation -LRB- SAARC -RRB- , of which it is a founding member . Nepal is also a member of the Non Aligned Movement and the Bay of Bengal Initiative . The military of Nepal is the fifth largest in South Asia and is notable for its Gurkha history , particularly during the world wars , and has been a significant contributor to United Nations peacekeeping operations .  The Shah dynasty was the ruling dynasty of the Kingdom of Gorkha until 1768 and of the Kingdom of Nepal from 1768 to 28 May 2008 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The interior of Uranus is only composed of gas.", "evidence": "Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun . It has the third-largest planetary radius and fourth-largest planetary mass in the Solar System . Uranus is similar in composition to Neptune , and both have different bulk chemical composition from that of the larger gas giants Jupiter and Saturn . For this reason , scientists often classify Uranus and Neptune as `` ice giants '' to distinguish them from the gas giants . Uranus 's atmosphere is similar to Jupiter 's and Saturn 's in its primary composition of hydrogen and helium , but it contains more `` ices '' such as water , ammonia , and methane , along with traces of other hydrocarbons . It is the coldest planetary atmosphere in the Solar System , with a minimum temperature of 49 K , and has a complex , layered cloud structure with water thought to make up the lowest clouds and methane the uppermost layer of clouds . The interior of Uranus is mainly composed of ices and rock .   Uranus is the only planet whose name is derived from a figure from Greek mythology , from the Latinised version of the Greek god of the sky Ouranos . Like the other giant planets , Uranus has a ring system , a magnetosphere , and numerous moons . The Uranian system has a unique configuration among those of the planets because its axis of rotation is tilted sideways , nearly into the plane of its solar orbit . Its north and south poles , therefore , lie where most other planets have their equators . In 1986 , images from Voyager 2 showed Uranus as an almost featureless planet in visible light , without the cloud bands or storms associated with the other giant planets . Observations from Earth have shown seasonal change and increased weather activity as Uranus approached its equinox in 2007 . Wind speeds can reach 250 m/s .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sriti Jha plays the lead role in a TV show.", "evidence": "Sriti Jha -LRB- born February 26 , 1986 -RRB- is an Indian television actress , who appears in the Indian soap opera . She made her debut with the role of Malini Sharma in the Disney India 's teen drama Dhoom Machaao Dhoom . Jha rose to prominence with the serial Jyoti on NDTV Imagine as Sudha Sharma . She is a currently playing the lead role of Pragya in Zee TV 's show Kumkum Bhagya .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a film called Absolute Beginners.", "evidence": "Absolute Beginners is a 1986 British rock musical film adapted from Colin MacInnes ' book of the same name about life in late 1950s London . The film was directed by Julien Temple , featured David Bowie and Sade , and Patsy Kensit in one of her first mainstream roles . The film was screened out of competition at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival .   Upon release , Absolute Beginners received immense coverage in the British media . At the time , the British film industry was perceived as being on the point of collapse -LRB- with the recent failure of the film Revolution -RRB- . However , the film was panned by critics and became a box office bomb . Some of the criticisms included stylistic anachronisms , such as the mini-skirt and decidedly 1980s music from the likes of The Style Council and Sade , the bowdlerisation of Kensit 's character -LRB- Crepe Suzette had been depicted as a promiscuous `` negrophile '' in the book -RRB- , and the casting of Bowie , who made it a condition of his musical contribution . Although the film was not a success , Bowie 's theme song was very popular in the UK and reached number two in the charts .   The commercial failure of Absolute Beginners and another film released about the same time , The Mission , led to the collapse of Goldcrest , a major British film studio .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Qatar borders London.", "evidence": "Qatar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u00e6t\u0251\u02d0r -RSB- , -LSB- k\u0259\u02c8t\u0251\u02d0r -RSB- \u0642\u0637\u0631 -LSB- \u02c8q\u0251t\u02e4\u0251r -RSB- Local vernacular pronunciation : -LSB- \u02c8\u0261\u026at\u02e4\u0251r -RSB- -RRB- , officially the State of Qatar , is a sovereign country located in Western Asia , occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula . Its sole land border is with Saudi Arabia to the south , with the rest of its territory surrounded by the Persian Gulf . A strait in the Persian Gulf separates Qatar from the nearby island country of Bahrain , as well as sharing maritime borders with the United Arab Emirates and Iran .   Following Ottoman rule , Qatar became a British protectorate in the early 20th century until gaining independence in 1971 . Qatar has been ruled by the House of Thani since the early 19th century . Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani was the founder of the State of Qatar . Qatar is a hereditary monarchy and its head of state is Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani . Whether it should be regarded as a constitutional or an absolute monarchy is a matter of opinion . In 2003 , the constitution was overwhelmingly approved in a referendum , with almost 98 % in favour . In early 2017 , Qatar 's total population was 2.6 million : 313,000 Qatari citizens and 2.3 million expatriates .   Qatar is a high income economy , backed by the world 's third largest natural gas reserves and oil reserves . The country has the highest per capita income in the world . Qatar is classified by the UN as a country of very high human development and is the most advanced Arab state for human development . Qatar is a significant power in the Arab world , supporting several rebel groups during the Arab Spring both financially and through its globally expanding media group , Al Jazeera Media Network . For its size , Qatar wields disproportionate influence in the world , and has been identified as a middle power . Qatar will host the 2022 FIFA World Cup , becoming the first Arab country to do so .  London -LSB- \u02c8l\u028cnd\u0259n -RSB- is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom . Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain , London has been a major settlement for two millennia . It was founded by the Romans , who named it Londinium . London 's ancient core , the City of London , largely retains its 1.12 sqmi medieval boundaries . Since at least the 19th century , `` London '' has also referred to the metropolis around this core , historically split between Middlesex , Essex , Surrey , Kent , and Hertfordshire , which today largely makes up Greater London , See also : Independent city \u00a7 National capitals . governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.The London Mayor is not to be confused with the Lord Mayor of London who heads the City of London Corporation , which administers the City of London .   London is a leading global city in the arts , commerce , education , entertainment , fashion , finance , healthcare , media , professional services , research and development , tourism , and transportation . It is crowned as the world 's largest financial centre and has the fifth - or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world.Rankings of cities by metropolitan area GDP can vary as a result of differences in the definition of the boundaries and population sizes of the areas compared , exchange rate fluctuations and the method used to calculate output . London and Paris are of broadly similar size in terms of total economic output which can result in third party sources varying as to which is the fifth-largest city GDP in the world . A report by the McKinsey Global Institute published in 2012 estimated that London had a city GDP of US$ 751.8 billion in 2010 , compared to US$ 764.2 billion for Paris , making them respectively the sixth - and fifth-largest in the world . A report by PricewaterhouseCoopers published in November 2009 estimated that London had a city GDP measured in purchasing power parity of US$ 565 billion in 2008 , compared to US$ 564 billion for Paris , making them respectively the fifth - and sixth-largest in the world . The McKinsey Global Institute study used a metropolitan area with a population of 14.9 million for London compared to 11.8 million for Paris , whilst the PricewaterhouseCoopers study used a metropolitan area with a population of 8.59 million for London compared to 9.92 million for Paris . London is a world cultural capital . It is the world 's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world 's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic . London is the world 's leading investment destination , hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city . London 's universities form the largest concentration of higher education institutes in Europe . In 2012 , London became the first city to have hosted the modern Summer Olympic Games three times .   London has a diverse range of people and cultures , and more than 300 languages are spoken in the region . Its estimated mid-2015 municipal population -LRB- corresponding to Greater London -RRB- was 8,673,713 , the largest of any city in the European Union , and accounting for 12.5 % of the UK population . London 's urban area is the second most populous in the EU , after Paris , with 9,787,426 inhabitants at the 2011 census . The city 's metropolitan area is the most populous in the EU with 13,879,757 inhabitants , while the Greater London Authority states the population of the city-region -LRB- covering a large part of the south east -RRB- as 22.7 million .  London was the world 's most populous city from around 1831 to 1925 .   London contains four World Heritage Sites : the Tower of London ; Kew Gardens ; the site comprising the Palace of Westminster , Westminster Abbey , and St Margaret 's Church ; and the historic settlement of Greenwich -LRB- in which the Royal Observatory , Greenwich marks the Prime Meridian , 0 \u00b0 longitude , and GMT -RRB- . Other famous landmarks include Buckingham Palace , the London Eye , Piccadilly Circus , St Paul 's Cathedral , Tower Bridge , Trafalgar Square , and The Shard . London is home to numerous museums , galleries , libraries , sporting events , and other cultural institutions , including the British Museum , National Gallery , Natural History Museum , Tate Modern , British Library , and West End theatres . The London Underground is the oldest underground railway network in the world .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Amanda Show aired from 1999 to 2002.", "evidence": "The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon in April 4 , 1999 as a pilot , then as a regular series from October 16 , 1999 to September 21 , 2002 . It starred Amanda Bynes , Drake Bell and Nancy Sullivan , and featured John Kassir , Raquel Lee , and Josh Peck . The show was a spin-off from All That , in which Bynes had co-starred for several years . The show was cancelled at the end of 2002 . Writers for the show included Schneider , John Hoberg , Steven Molaro , and Andrew Hill Newman .   Two years after the end of The Amanda Show , Dan Schneider created a new series , called Drake & Josh , featuring Drake Bell , Josh Peck and Nancy Sullivan .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Brock Lesnar is signed to a Japanese mixed martial arts promotion.", "evidence": "Brock Edward Lesnar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u025bzn\u0259r -RSB- born July 12 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist , amateur wrestler , and professional American football player . He is signed with WWE , where he performs on the Raw brand and is the current WWE Universal Champion in his first reign .   After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota , Lesnar signed with WWE -LRB- then the World Wrestling Federation -RRB- in 2000 . He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he was a three-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin . After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle -LRB- twice -RRB- . Lesnar won the then WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history . He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well . Following his match with Goldberg at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar left the WWE and pursued a career in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- . He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings , but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 -- 2005 season . In 2005 , Lesnar returned to professional wrestling and signed with New Japan Pro-Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , where he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in his first match . After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation -LRB- IGF -RRB- .   In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- , as he signed with Hero 's and won his first fight , against Min-Soo Kim , in June 2007 . He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- the following October . Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring . In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion . Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis . He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion in the process . Lesnar then lost the championship to Cain Velasquez at UFC 121 . In 2011 , he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery . Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December , losing to Alistair Overeem and promptly retiring from MMA . Lesnar was a box office sensation in UFC , as he took part in a some of the best selling pay-per-view events in UFC history , including UFC 100 and UFC 116 .   In April 2012 , Lesnar once again returned to professional wrestling , rejoining WWE after an eight-year hiatus . Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at WrestleMania . He achieved world champion status twice since his return , having won the then WWE World Heavyweight Championship in 2014 and the WWE Universal Championship in 2017 . Lesnar has been managed by Paul Heyman throughout the majority of his professional wrestling career .   In June 2016 at UFC 199 , the UFC announced that Lesnar would return to MMA to fight at UFC 200 . His opponent was later revealed to be Mark Hunt . Lesnar would defeat Hunt via unanimous decision . However , after Lesnar tested positive for clomiphene , a banned substance on the UFC 's anti-doping policy , he was suspended from competing in the UFC by the Nevada State Athletic Commission for one year , fined $ 250,000 and his victory over Hunt was overturned to a no-contest . Lesnar then retired from MMA for a second time in 2017 .   Lesnar is a five-time world champion in WWE , a one-time heavyweight champion in the UFC , a one-time heavyweight champion in NJPW , and a one-time heavyweight wrestling champion in the NCAA , the only person in history to win a championship in each of those organizations . He has headlined numerous pay-per-view events for both the WWE and UFC , including WrestleMania XIX , WrestleMania 31 , UFC 100 and UFC 116 . In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as `` the most accomplished athlete in professional wrestling history '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Hangover Part III includes Justin Bartha.", "evidence": "The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the third and final installment in The Hangover trilogy . The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong . The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Tambor , Heather Graham , Mike Epps , Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin . The film follows the `` Wolfpack '' -LRB- Phil , Stu , Doug , and Alan -RRB- as they try to get Alan the help he needs after facing a personal crisis . However , things go awry when an incident from the original film comes back to haunt them .   The Hangover Part III was announced days before the release of The Hangover Part II and Mazin , who co-wrote Part II , was brought on board . In January 2012 , the principal actors re-signed to star . In March 2012 , Warner Bros. announced a U.S. Memorial Weekend release . The supporting roles were cast between June and September 2012 . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Los Angeles , California before moving to Nogales , Arizona and Las Vegas , Nevada . The film was released on May 23 , 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lee Harvey Oswald assassinated the 35th President of the United States.", "evidence": "Lee Harvey Oswald -LRB- October 18 , 1939 -- November 24 , 1963 -RRB- was an American former U.S. Marine who was arrested for the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 . According to four federal government investigations and one municipal investigation , These were investigations by : the Federal Bureau of Investigation -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , the Warren Commission -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , the House Select Committee on Assassinations -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , the Secret Service , and the Dallas Police Department . Oswald shot and killed Kennedy as the President traveled by motorcade through Dealey Plaza in the city of Dallas , Texas .   Oswald was honorably discharged from the Marine Corps and defected to the Soviet Union in October 1959 . He lived in the Belarusian city of Minsk until June 1962 , at which time he returned to the United States with Marina , his Russian-born wife , eventually settling in Dallas .   Following Kennedy 's assassination , Oswald was initially arrested for the murder of police officer J. D. Tippit , who was killed on a Dallas street about 45 minutes after Kennedy was shot . Oswald was later charged with the murder of Kennedy . He denied shooting anybody , saying that he was a `` patsy '' . Two days later , while being transferred from the city jail to the county jail , Oswald was fatally shot by Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby in full view of television cameras broadcasting live .   In September 1964 , the Warren Commission concluded that Oswald acted alone in assassinating Kennedy by firing three shots from the Texas School Book Depository . This conclusion was supported by previous investigations carried out by the FBI , the Secret Service , and the Dallas Police Department . Despite forensic , ballistic , and eyewitness evidence supporting the lone gunman theory , public opinion polls taken over the years have shown that most Americans believe that Oswald did not act alone , but conspired with others to kill the president . The assassination has spawned numerous conspiracy theories .  John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy -LRB- May 29 , 1917 -- November 22 , 1963 -RRB- , commonly referred to by his initials JFK , was an American politician who served as the 35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963 . Kennedy served at the height of the Cold War , and much of his presidency focused on managing relations with the Soviet Union . He was a member of the Democratic Party who represented Massachusetts in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate prior to becoming president .   Kennedy was born in Brookline , Massachusetts to Joseph P. Kennedy , Sr. and Rose Kennedy . A scion of the Kennedy family , he graduated from Harvard University in 1940 before joining the United States Naval Reserve the following year . During World War II , Kennedy commanded a series of PT boats in the Pacific theater and earned the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for his service . After the war , Kennedy represented Massachusetts 's 11th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1947 until 1953 . He was subsequently elected to the U.S. Senate and served as the junior Senator from Massachusetts from 1953 until 1960 . While serving in the Senate , he published Profiles in Courage , which won the Pulitzer Prize for Biography . In the 1960 presidential election , Kennedy narrowly defeated Republican opponent Richard Nixon , who was the incumbent Vice President .   Kennedy 's time in office was marked by high tensions with Communist states in the Cold War . He increased the number of American military advisers in South Vietnam by a factor of 18 over President Dwight D. Eisenhower . In April 1961 , he authorized a failed joint-CIA attempt to overthrow the Cuban government of Fidel Castro in the Bay of Pigs Invasion . He subsequently rejected plans by the Joint Chiefs of Staff to orchestrate false-flag attacks on American soil in order to gain public approval for a war against Cuba . In October 1962 , U.S. spy planes discovered that Soviet missile bases had been deployed in Cuba ; the resulting period of tensions , termed the Cuban Missile Crisis , nearly resulted in the breakout of a global thermonuclear conflict . Domestically , Kennedy presided over the establishment of the Peace Corps and supported the Civil Rights Movement , but he was largely unsuccessful in passing his New Frontier domestic policies . Kennedy continues to rank highly in historians ' polls of U.S. presidents and with the general public . His average approval rating of 70 % is the highest of any president in Gallup 's history of systematically measuring job approval .   On November 22 , 1963 , Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas , Texas . Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested for the crime , but he was never prosecuted due to his murder by Jack Ruby two days later . Pursuant to the Presidential Succession Act , Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson was sworn in as president later that day . The FBI and the Warren Commission officially concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin , but various groups believed that Kennedy was the victim of a conspiracy . After Kennedy 's death , many of his proposals were enacted , including the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Revenue Act of 1964 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "In & Out is directed by James Cameron.", "evidence": "In & Out is a 1997 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Kevin Kline , Tom Selleck , Joan Cusack , Matt Dillon , Debbie Reynolds , and Wilford Brimley . It is an original story by screenwriter Paul Rudnick . Joan Cusack was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance .   The film was inspired by Tom Hanks 's tearful speech when he accepted his 1994 Oscar -LRB- for his role in Philadelphia -RRB- , in which he mentioned his high-school drama coach Rawley Farnsworth , and his former classmate John Gilkerson , `` two of the finest gay Americans , two wonderful men that I had the good fortune to be associated with . '' The film became one of mainstream Hollywood 's few attempts at a comedic `` gay movie '' of its era , and was widely noted at the time for a 12-second kiss between Kevin Kline and Tom Selleck .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Tom Felton is a person.", "evidence": "Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton -LRB- born 22 September 1987 -RRB- is an English actor . Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard . He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . He rose to prominence for his role as Draco Malfoy in the film adaptions of the best-selling Harry Potter fantasy novels by J.K. Rowling . His performances in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 won him two consecutive MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain in 2010 and 2011 .   Following the conclusion of the series in 2011 , Felton appeared in the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , a reboot of the Planet of the Apes series . He had roles in the minor films From the Rough -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and The Apparition -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , starred as James Ashford in the critically acclaimed period drama film Belle -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , followed by roles in In Secret -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Against the Sun -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Felton 's 2016 films include the epic biblical drama Risen , alongside Joseph Fiennes , and the period biopic A United Kingdom , alongside David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike . He portrays Julian Albert / Doctor Alchemy on The Flash .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Louis Tomlinson appeared in a TV drama.", "evidence": "Louis William Tomlinson -LRB- born Louis Troy Austin ; 24 December 1991 -RRB- is an English singer-songwriter and actor . He is known as a member of the pop boy band One Direction .   Tomlinson began his career as an actor , initially appearing in ITV drama Fat Friends as an extra . He also went on to appear in another ITV drama film If I Had You and the BBC drama Waterloo Road . In 2010 , he became a founding member of One Direction after auditioning as a solo artist on The X Factor . Following the band 's hiatus , Tomlinson released the single `` Just Hold On '' with Steve Aoki in December 2016 .   In 2013 , he was signed as a footballer by Doncaster Rovers of the Football League Championship on a non-contract basis . The same year he also formed his own record label , Triple Strings Ltd. . He appeared on Debrett 's 2017 list of the most influential people in the UK .  Fat Friends is a British drama that aired on ITV from 12 October , 2000 to 24 March , 2005 , consisting of 25 episodes over four seasons . Set in Leeds , the series explores the lives of several slimming club members , with a focus on the various ways their weight has impacted them .   The series was created by Kay Mellor and made by Rollem Productions in association with Tiger Aspect Productions and Yorkshire Television . Four of the cast -- Ruth Jones , James Corden , Sheridan Smith and Alison Steadman -- went on to appear in the sitcom Gavin & Stacey .  ITV is a commercial TV network in the United Kingdom . Launched in 1955 as Independent Television under the auspices of the Independent Television Authority -LRB- ITA , then after the Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 , Independent Broadcasting Authority , now Ofcom -RRB- to provide competition to the long established BBC , it is also the oldest commercial network in the UK . Since the passing of the Broadcasting Act 1990 its legal name has been Channel 3 , to distinguish it from the other analogue channels at the time , namely BBC 1 , BBC 2 and Channel 4 . In part , the number 3 was assigned as television sets would usually be tuned so that the regional ITV station would be on the third button , with the other stations being allocated to the number within their name .   ITV is a network of television channels that operate regional television services as well as sharing programmes between each other to be displayed on the entire network . In recent years , several of these companies have merged so currently the fifteen franchises are in the hands of two companies .   The ITV network is to be distinguished from ITV plc , the company that resulted from the merger of Granada plc and Carlton Communications in 2004 and which holds the Channel 3 broadcasting licences in England , Wales , southern Scotland , the Isle of Man , the Channel Islands and Northern Ireland . With the exception of Northern Ireland , the ITV brand is the brand used by ITV plc for the Channel 3 service in these areas . In Northern Ireland , ITV plc uses the brand name UTV . STV Group plc , uses the STV brand for its two franchises of central and northern Scotland .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kalpana Raghavendar is an artist.", "evidence": "Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor . She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .   In 2010 she was the winner of the south Indian singing show Star Singer season 5 , conducted by the Malayalam TV channel Asianet .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Luke Evans had his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in a play.", "evidence": "Luke Evans -LRB- born 15 April 1979 -RRB- is a Welsh actor . Evans began his career on the stage , performing in many of London 's West End productions such as Rent , Miss Saigon , and Piaf before getting his Hollywood breakthrough role starring in the Clash of the Titans 2010 remake . Following his debut , Evans was cast in such action and thriller films as Immortals -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , The Raven -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the re-imagined The Three Musketeers -LRB- 2011 -RRB- .   In 2013 , Evans starred as the main antagonist Owen Shaw in the blockbuster Fast & Furious 6 , and also played Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson 's three-part adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit . Evans also portrayed the vampire Dracula in the character 's film origin story , Dracula Untold . In 2017 , Evans starred as Gaston in Disney 's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast .  Clash of the Titans is a 2010 British-American fantasy adventure film and remake of the 1981 film of the same name produced by MGM -LRB- the rights to which had been acquired by Warner Bros. in 1996 -RRB- . The story is very loosely based on the Greek myth of Perseus . Directed by Louis Leterrier and starring Sam Worthington , the film was originally set for standard release on March 26 , 2010 . However , it was later announced that the film would be converted to 3D and was released on April 2 , 2010 .   Clash of the Titans grossed $ 493 million worldwide , though it received generally negative reviews from critics and received two Golden Raspberry Awards nominations . The film 's success led to a sequel , Wrath of the Titans , released in March 2012 . A third film titled Revenge of the Titans was in development but then later cancelled due to Wrath disappointing box office performance .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Emily Ratajkowski was visible in the \"Blurred Lines\" music video.", "evidence": "Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccr\u0251\u02d0ta\u026a\u02c8k\u0252fski -RSB- born June 7 , 1991 -RRB- is an American actress and model . Born to American parents in London and raised primarily in California , she rose to prominence in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke 's `` Blurred Lines '' , which became the number one song of the year in several countries and attracted controversy over its purportedly sexist content .   Ratajkowski 's modeling career has progressed from retail ad work to art house erotica and high fashion . She appeared on the cover of the March 2012 issue of the erotic magazine treats ! , which led to her being asked to appear in two music videos -- `` Blurred Lines '' and Maroon 5 's `` Love Somebody '' . She appeared in the 2014 and 2015 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues . Ratajkowski made her professional runway modeling debut for Marc Jacobs at New York Fashion Week in 2015 and has since walked on the Paris Fashion Week runway for Miu Miu . She appeared in a Buick Super Bowl commercial during Super Bowl 50 .   Ratajkowski began acting as a child in the San Diego area before she gained a recurring role on iCarly and later roles in major films . Her feature film debut was as the mistress of Ben Affleck 's character in the 2014 film Gone Girl . Ratajkowski 's 2015 roles included the films Entourage and We Are Your Friends -LRB- her first leading role -RRB- as well as the miniseries The Spoils Before Dying .   Ratajkowski is an advocate for women 's health issues as a spokesperson for Planned Parenthood and supports the right of women to express their sexuality . Her claim to being a feminist has been both supported and disputed .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "10 Cloverfield Lane stars the actor John Gallagher, Jr.", "evidence": "10 Cloverfield Lane is a 2016 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed by Dan Trachtenberg , produced by J. J. Abrams and Lindsey Weber and written by Josh Campbell , Matthew Stucken and Damien Chazelle . The film stars John Goodman , Mary Elizabeth Winstead , and John Gallagher , Jr. , and is the second film in the Cloverfield franchise . The film was developed from a script titled The Cellar , but under production by Bad Robot , it was turned into a spiritual successor of the 2008 film Cloverfield . The film follows a young woman who , after a car crash , wakes up in an underground bunker with two men who insist that an event has left the surface of Earth uninhabitable .   The film is presented in a third-person narrative , in contrast to its predecessor 's found-footage style . It was released in the United States on March 11 , 2016 , in conventional and IMAX format . The film received positive reviews from critics , with many praising the performances of the cast , as well as the film 's tense and suspenseful atmosphere , and grossed $ 110 million worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chris Froome rides under a British license.", "evidence": "Christopher Clive Froome , -LRB- born 20 May 1985 -RRB- is a British professional road racing cyclist for UCI ProTeam , who competed for Kenya until 2008 . A three-time winner of the Tour de France , and three-time runner-up in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a , he is seen as one of the most successful stage-racing riders of the recent era . Froome , who was brought up in Kenya and South Africa , has ridden under a British licence since 2008 on the basis that both his parents are British .   In 2007 , at the age of 22 , Froome turned professional with Team Konica Minolta . He moved to Europe to further his career , joining team . In 2010 , he moved to and has become one of the team 's key cyclists . Froome made his breakthrough as a Grand Tour contender during the 2011 Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a where he finished second overall .   At the 2012 Tour de France , riding as a super-domestique for Bradley Wiggins , Froome won stage seven and finished second overall , behind only Wiggins in the same race as the best British performance in the race 's history . In the same year , he also won the bronze medal in the time trial event at the Olympic Games and finished fourth in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a . His first multi-stage race win came in 2013 , in the Tour of Oman , followed by wins in the Crit\u00e9rium International , the Tour de Romandie , the Crit\u00e9rium du Dauphin\u00e9 , and the Tour de France .   As a defending champion , he began 2014 by again winning the Tour of Oman , followed by a repeat victory in the Tour de Romandie . After retiring from the 2014 Tour de France , he came back to place second in the Vuelta a Espa\u00f1a . In 2015 , he won his second Crit\u00e9rium du Dauphin\u00e9 and his second Tour de France . In 2016 , he won a third Tour title , and became the first man since Miguel Indurain in 1995 to defend his title .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Olivia Munn failed to be credited as Lisa Munn.", "evidence": "Lisa Olivia Munn -LRB- born July 3 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress and model . She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .   Munn began her professional career in television journalism before becoming an actress . In 2006 , Munn starred as Mily Acuna on the series Beyond the Break . She co-hosted Attack of the Show ! from 2006 to 2010 and was a correspondent on The Daily Show from 2010 to 2011 . Munn has also had supporting roles in various films and television series since 2004 . She played the character Sloan Sabbith on the television series The Newsroom from 2012 to 2014 and appeared in the film X-Men : Apocalypse -LRB- 2016 -RRB- as Psylocke .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Batman is yet to be released.", "evidence": "Batman -LRB- often promoted as Batman : The Movie -RRB- is a 1966 American superhero film based on the Batman television series , and the first full-length theatrical adaptation of the DC Comics character Batman . Released by 20th Century Fox , the film starred Adam West as Batman and Burt Ward as Robin . The film hit theaters two months after the last episode of the first season of the television series . The film includes most members of the original TV cast , with the exception of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman , the character previously played by Julie Newmar in two episodes of the series ' first season .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Marlon Brando is an actor who was in Mutiny on the Bounty.", "evidence": "Marlon Brando , Jr. -LRB- April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 -RRB- was an American actor , film director and political activist . He is credited with bringing realism to film acting . He helped to popularize the Stanislavski system of acting , studying with Stella Adler in the 1940s . Brando is widely known for his Academy Award-winning performances as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and Vito Corleone in The Godfather -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , as well as his performances in A Streetcar Named Desire -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , Viva Zapata ! -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , Julius Caesar -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , The Wild One -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , Guys and Dolls -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Reflections in a Golden Eye -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , Last Tango in Paris -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and Apocalypse Now -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . Brando was also an activist for many causes , notably the Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements .   He initially gained acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for reprising the role of Stanley Kowalski in the 1951 film adaptation of Tennessee Williams ' play A Streetcar Named Desire , a role that he had originated successfully on Broadway . He received further praise for his performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront , and his portrayal of the rebel motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in The Wild One proved to be a lasting image in popular culture . Brando received Academy Award nominations for playing Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata ! ; Mark Antony in Joseph L. Mankiewicz 's 1953 film adaptation of Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar ; and Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver in Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , an adaption of James Michener 's 1954 novel . Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .   The 1960s proved to be a fallow decade for Brando . He directed and starred in the cult western film One-Eyed Jacks , a critical and commercial flop , after which he delivered a series of box-office failures , beginning with the 1962 film adaptation of the novel Mutiny on the Bounty . After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest . The Godfather was then one of the most commercially successful films of all time . With that and his Oscar-nominated performance in Last Tango in Paris , Brando re-established himself in the ranks of top box-office stars , placing sixth and tenth in the Money Making Stars poll in 1972 and 1973 , respectively . Brando took a four-year hiatus before appearing in The Missouri Breaks -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . After this , he was content with being a highly paid character actor in cameo roles , such as in Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The Formula -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , before taking a nine-year break from motion pictures . According to the Guinness Book of World Records , Brando was paid a record $ 3.7 million -LRB- $ million in inflation-adjusted dollars -RRB- and 11.75 % of the gross profits for 13 days ' work on Superman . He finished out the 1970s with his controversial performance as Colonel Kurtz in another Coppola film , Apocalypse Now , a box-office hit for which he was highly paid and which helped finance his career layoff during the 1980s .   Brando was ranked by the American Film Institute as the fourth-greatest movie star among male movie stars whose screen debuts occurred in or before 1950 . He was one of only three professional actors , along with Charlie Chaplin and Marilyn Monroe , named in 1999 by Time magazine as one of its 100 Most Important People of the Century . He died of respiratory failure on July 1 , 2004 , at age 80 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "None of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.", "evidence": "Lung cancer , also known as lung carcinoma , is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung . This growth can spread beyond the lung by the process of metastasis into nearby tissue or other parts of the body . Most cancers that start in the lung , known as primary lung cancers , are carcinomas . The two main types are small-cell lung carcinoma -LRB- SCLC -RRB- and non-small-cell lung carcinoma -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- . The most common symptoms are coughing -LRB- including coughing up blood -RRB- , weight loss , shortness of breath , and chest pains .   The vast majority -LRB- 85 % -RRB- of cases of lung cancer are due to long-term tobacco smoking . About 10 -- 15 % of cases occur in people who have never smoked . These cases are often caused by a combination of genetic factors and exposure to radon gas , asbestos , second-hand smoke , or other forms of air pollution . Lung cancer may be seen on chest radiographs and computed tomography -LRB- CT -RRB- scans . The diagnosis is confirmed by biopsy which is usually performed by bronchoscopy or CT-guidance .   Avoidance of risk factors , including smoking and air pollution , is the primary method of prevention . Treatment and long-term outcomes depend on the type of cancer , the stage -LRB- degree of spread -RRB- , and the person 's overall health . Most cases are not curable . Common treatments include surgery , chemotherapy , and radiotherapy . NSCLC is sometimes treated with surgery , whereas SCLC usually responds better to chemotherapy and radiotherapy .   Worldwide in 2012 , lung cancer occurred in 1.8 million people and resulted in 1.6 million deaths . This makes it the most common cause of cancer-related death in men and second most common in women after breast cancer . The most common age at diagnosis is 70 years . Overall , 17.4 % of people in the United States diagnosed with lung cancer survive five years after the diagnosis , while outcomes on average are worse in the developing world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Iran has 21 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.", "evidence": "Iran -LRB- \u026a , also \u026a -RRB- , formerly known as Persia , is a sovereign state in Western Asia . It is bordered to the northwest by Armenia , the de facto Republic of Artsakh and Azerbaijan ; to the north by the Caspian Sea ; to the northeast by Turkmenistan ; to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan ; to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman ; and to the west by Turkey and Iraq . Comprising a land area of 1648195 km2 , it is the second-largest country in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world . Officially with 79.93 million inhabitants -LRB- Nov 2016 -RRB- , Iran is the world 's 18th-most-populous country . It is the only country with both a Caspian Sea and an Indian Ocean coastline . The country 's central location in Eurasia and Western Asia , and its proximity to the Strait of Hormuz , make it of great geostrategic importance . Iran has diverse landscapes and geographical conditions . Tehran is the country 's capital and largest city , as well as its leading economic and cultural center .   Iran is home to one of the world 's oldest civilizations , beginning with the formation of the Elamite kingdoms in the 4th millennium BC . The area was first unified and dominated by the Iranian Medes in the 7th century BC . Iran reached its greatest extent during the Achaemenid Empire -LRB- First Persian Empire -RRB- founded by Cyrus the Great in 6th century BC , the largest empire the world had yet seen , stretching from Eastern Europe to the Indus Valley . Persia fell to Alexander the Great in 4th century BC , but reemerged shortly after as the Parthian Empire . Under the Sassanians , Persia became a leading world power for the next four centuries .   In 7th century AD , Arabs conquered Persia and largely displaced the indigenous faiths of Zoroastrianism and Manichaeism with the new religion of Islam . Iranians became major contributors to the Islamic Golden Age that followed , producing many influential scientists , scholars , artists and thinkers . After two centuries , a period of various Iranian dynasties began , although these dynasties were later conquered by Turks and then the Mongols . An Iranian national identity was always reasserted however , developing a distinct cultural entity . The rise of the Safavids in 15th century led to the establishment of Twelver Shia Islam as the official religion , marking a turning point in Muslim history . In the 18th century , Iran arguably possessed briefly the most powerful military at the time under Nader Shah . Conflicts with the Russian Empire in 19th century led to significant territorial losses . Popular unrest culminated in the Persian Constitutional Revolution , which established a constitutional monarchy and the country 's first legislative body , the Majles . Following a coup d'\u00e9tat instigated by the UK and the US in 1953 , Iran gradually became closely aligned with the West and grew increasingly autocratic . Growing dissent against foreign influence and political repression led to the 1979 Revolution and the establishment of an Islamic republic , a political system which combines elements of a parliamentary democracy with a theocracy governed by Islamic jurists under the concept of a `` Supreme Leadership '' . According to international observers , the current Iranian government is oppressive , with human rights abuses commonplace .   A multicultural country comprising numerous ethnic and linguistic groups , most inhabitants of Iran are Shia Muslims and Persian is the official language . The largest ethnic groups in Iran are the Persians , Azeris , Kurds and Lurs .   Iran is a founding member of the UN , ECO , NAM , OIC , and OPEC . Iran is a major regional and middle power , and its large reserves of fossil fuels -- which include the largest natural gas supply in the world and the fourth-largest proven oil reserves -- exert considerable influence in international energy security and the world economy . Iran 's rich cultural legacy is reflected in part by its 21 UNESCO World Heritage Sites , the third-largest number in Asia and 11th-largest in the world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Taj Mahal attracts significantly less than 7-8 million visitors a year.", "evidence": "The Taj Mahal -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u0251\u02d0d\u0292_m\u0259\u02c8h\u0251\u02d0l -RSB- , more often -LSB- \u02c8t\u0251\u02d0\u0292 -RSB- meaning Crown of the Palace -RRB- is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra . It was commissioned in 1632 by the Mughal emperor , Shah Jahan -LRB- reigned 1628 -- 1658 -RRB- , to house the tomb of his favourite wife , Mumtaz Mahal . The tomb is the centrepiece of a 42 acre complex , which includes a mosque and a guest house , and is set in formal gardens bounded on three sides by a crenellated wall .   Construction of the mausoleum was essentially completed in 1643 but work continued on other phases of the project for another 10 years . The Taj Mahal complex is believed to have been completed in its entirety in 1653 at a cost estimated at the time to be around 32 million rupees , which in 2015 would be approximately 52.8 billion rupees -LRB- US$ 827 million -RRB- . The construction project employed some 20,000 artisans under the guidance of a board of architects led by the court architect to the emperor , Ustad Ahmad Lahauri .   The Taj Mahal was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 for being `` the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world 's heritage '' . Described by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore as `` the tear-drop on the cheek of time '' , it is regarded by many as the best example of Mughal architecture and a symbol of India 's rich history . The Taj Mahal attracts 7 -- 8 million visitors a year . In 2007 , it was declared a winner of the New7Wonders of the World -LRB- 2000 -- 2007 -RRB- initiative .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Lisbon is in Portugal.", "evidence": "Lisbon -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u026azb\u0259n -RSB- Lisboa , -LSB- li\u0292\u02c8\u03b2o\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and the largest city of Portugal , with a population of 552,700 within its administrative limits in an area of 100.05 km \u00b2 . Its urban area extends beyond the city 's administrative limits with a population of around 2.7 million people , being the 11th-most populous urban area in the European Union . About 2.8 million people live in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area -LRB- which represents approximately 27 % of the country 's population -RRB- . It is continental Europe 's westernmost capital city and the only one along the Atlantic coast . Lisbon lies in the western Iberian Peninsula on the Atlantic Ocean and the River Tagus . The westernmost areas of its metro area is the westernmost point of Continental Europe .   Lisbon is recognised as a global city because of its importance in finance , commerce , media , entertainment , arts , international trade , education and tourism . It is one of the major economic centres on the continent , with a growing financial sector and one of the largest container ports on Europe 's Atlantic coast . Humberto Delgado Airport serves over 20 million passengers annually , as of 2015 , and the motorway network and the high-speed rail system of Alfa Pendular link the main cities of Portugal . The city is the 7th-most-visited city in Southern Europe , after Istanbul , Rome , Barcelona , Madrid , Athens and Milan , with 1,740,000 tourists in 2009 . The Lisbon region contributes with a higher GDP PPP per capita than any other region in Portugal . It 's GDP amounts to 96.3 billion USD and thus $ 32,434 per capita , 40 % higher than the average European Union 's GDP per capita . The city occupies 32nd place of highest gross earnings in the world . Most of the headquarters of multinationals in the country are located in the Lisbon area . It is also the political centre of the country , as its seat of Government and residence of the Head of State .   Lisbon is one of the oldest cities in the world , and the oldest in Western Europe , predating other modern European capitals such as London , Paris and Rome by centuries . Julius Caesar made it a municipium called Felicitas Julia , adding to the name Olissipo . Ruled by a series of Germanic tribes from the 5th century , it was captured by the Moors in the 8th century . In 1147 , the Crusaders under Afonso Henriques reconquered the city and since then it has been a major political , economic and cultural centre of Portugal . Unlike most capital cities , Lisbon 's status as the capital of Portugal has never been granted or confirmed officially -- by statute or in written form . Its position as the capital has formed through constitutional convention , making its position as de facto capital a part of the Constitution of Portugal .   Lisbon enjoys a Mediterranean climate . It has one of the warmest winters of any metropolis in Europe , with average temperatures 15 \u00b0 C during the day and 8 \u00b0 C at night from December to February . The typical summer season lasts about four months , from June to September , although also in April temperatures sometimes reach around 25 \u00b0 C.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Arya Stark is the daughter of Lady Catelyn Stark.", "evidence": "Arya Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin . She is a prominent point of view character in Martin 's award-winning A Song of Ice and Fire series , and also a main character in HBO 's adaptation of the series , Game of Thrones .   Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Arya is the younger daughter of Lord Eddard Stark and his wife Lady Catelyn Stark . She is headstrong , independent , disdains traditional female pursuits , and is often mistaken for a boy . She wields a sword named Needle , a gift from her half-brother , Jon Snow , and is trained in the Braavosi style of sword fighting .   Arya is portrayed by Maisie Williams on the HBO series Game of Thrones . Her performance has garnered critical acclaim , particularly in the second season for her work opposite veteran actor Charles Dance -LRB- Tywin Lannister -RRB- when she served as his cupbearer . She is among the most popular characters in either version of the story . Williams was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for the role in 2016 . She and the rest of the cast were nominated for Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2012 , 2014 , 2015 and 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Selene serves as the central character in a film written by Danny McBride in 2001.", "evidence": "Selene , portrayed by British actress Kate Beckinsale , is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the Underworld film series . More specifically , she serves as the central character in the films Underworld -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Underworld : Evolution -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Underworld : Awakening -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Underworld : Blood Wars -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   Beckinsale 's daughter , Lily Mo Sheen , plays the character as a child in a flashback in Underworld : Evolution . In Underworld : Endless War , Selene is voiced by Canadian voice actress Laura Harris .  Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman . The film centers on the secret history of vampires and lycans -LRB- an abbreviated form of lycanthrope , which means werewolf -RRB- . It is the first installment in the Underworld franchise . The main plot revolves around Selene -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- , a vampire Death Dealer hunting Lycans . She finds herself attracted to a human , Michael Corvin -LRB- Scott Speedman -RRB- , who is being targeted by the Lycans . After Michael is bitten by a Lycan , Selene must decide whether to do her duty and kill him or go against her clan and save him . Alongside Beckinsale and Speedman , the film stars Michael Sheen , Shane Brolly , and Bill Nighy .   An international co-production between companies from the United Kingdom , Germany , Hungary , and the United States , the film was released on September 19 , 2003 . Upon its release , the film received generally negative reviews from critics , but a smaller number of reviewers praised elements such as the film 's stylish Gothic visuals , the `` icy English composure '' in Kate Beckinsale 's performance , and the extensively worked-out vampire -- werewolf mythology that serves as the film 's backstory . A surprise hit , the film grossed $ 95 million against a production budget of $ 22 million . The film was followed by Underworld : Evolution , released three years later , and by three other films .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pulp Fiction is an American black comedy neo-noir film released in 1994.", "evidence": "Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy neo-noir crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino , from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary . Directed in a highly stylized manner , Pulp Fiction connects the intersecting storylines of Los Angeles mobsters , fringe players , small-time criminals , and a mysterious briefcase . The film 's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century , known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue .   The screenplay of Pulp Fiction was written in 1992 and 1993 , and incorporated some scenes originally written by Avary for True Romance . Its plot , as in many of Tarantino 's other works , is presented out of chronological order . The film is also self-referential from its opening moments , beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of `` pulp '' . Considerable screen time is devoted to monologues and casual conversations with eclectic dialogue revealing each character 's perspectives on several subjects , and the film features an ironic combination of humor and strong violence . Its script was reportedly turned down by Columbia TriStar as `` too demented '' . Miramax co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was instantly enthralled with it , however , and the film became the first that Miramax fully financed .   Pulp Fiction won the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival , and was a major critical and commercial success upon its U.S. release . It revitalized the careers of John Travolta -LRB- who received an Academy Award nomination -RRB- , Samuel L. Jackson , and Uma Thurman . It was also nominated for seven Oscars , including Best Picture ; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay . The nature of its development , marketing , and distribution -- and its consequent profitability -- had a sweeping effect on the field of independent cinema .   Since its release , Pulp Fiction has been widely regarded as Tarantino 's masterpiece , with particular praise singled out for its screenwriting . The film 's self-reflexivity , unconventional structure , and extensive use of homage and pastiche have led critics to describe it as a touchstone of postmodern film . It is often considered a cultural watershed , with a strong influence felt not only in later movies that adopted various elements of its style , but in several other media as well . A 2008 Entertainment Weekly poll named it the best film since 1983 , and the work has appeared on many critics ' lists of the greatest films ever made . In 2013 , Pulp Fiction was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dan Aykroyd has received zero Academy Award nominations.", "evidence": "Daniel Edward `` Dan '' Aykroyd -LRB- born July 1 , 1952 -RRB- is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , producer , voice artist , screenwriter , musician and businessman . He was an original member of the `` Not Ready for Prime Time Players '' on Saturday Night Live -LRB- 1975 -- 1979 -RRB- . A musical sketch he performed with John Belushi on SNL , The Blues Brothers , turned into an actual performing band and then a highly successful 1980 film , also called The Blues Brothers . He conceived and starred in Ghostbusters -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , which spawned a sequel -LRB- Ghostbusters II -RRB- and eventually an entire media franchise . In 1990 , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work in the 1989 film Driving Miss Daisy . He starred in his own sitcom , Soul Man , from 1997 -- 98 . Aykroyd is also a successful businessman , having co-founded the House of Blues chain of music venues and the Crystal Head Vodka brand .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dhool was directed by Dharani.", "evidence": "Dhool -LRB- Super -RRB- is a 2003 Indian Tamil-language action masala film directed by Dharani . The film featured Jyothika , Vikram and Reemma Sen in the lead roles , while Vivek , Sayaji Shinde , Telangana Sakunthala and Pasupathy among others play supporting roles . The film , produced by A. M. Rathnam at a cost of 7 crore , had music composed by Vidyasagar and released in January 2003 . The film was a commercial success . It was dubbed into Malayalam while being remade in Telugu , Sinhalese , Punjabi , and Bengali.This film is still now considered as cult masala entertainer .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Watchmen was number 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century that was published in 2001.", "evidence": "Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987 , and collected in 1987 . The series was created by a British collaboration consisting of writer Alan Moore , artist Dave Gibbons , and colorist John Higgins . Watchmen originated from a story proposal Moore submitted to DC featuring superhero characters that the company had acquired from Charlton Comics . As Moore 's proposed story would have left many of the characters unusable for future stories , managing editor Dick Giordano convinced Moore to create original characters instead .   Moore used the story as a means to reflect contemporary anxieties and to deconstruct and parody the superhero concept . Watchmen depicts an alternate history where superheroes emerged in the 1940s and 1960s and their presence changed history so that the United States won the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal was never exposed . In 1985 , the country is edging toward World War III with the Soviet Union , freelance costumed vigilantes have been outlawed and most former superheroes are in retirement or working for the government . The story focuses on the personal development and moral struggles of the protagonists as an investigation into the murder of a government-sponsored superhero pulls them out of retirement .   Creatively , the focus of Watchmen is on its structure . Gibbons used a nine-panel grid layout throughout the series and added recurring symbols such as a blood-stained smiley face . All but the last issue feature supplemental fictional documents that add to the series ' backstory , and the narrative is intertwined with that of another story , an in-story pirate comic titled Tales of the Black Freighter , which one of the characters reads . Structured , at times , as a nonlinear narrative , the story skips through space , time and plot . In the same manner , entire scenes and dialogue have parallels with others through synchronicity , coincidence and repeated imagery .   A commercial success , Watchmen has received critical acclaim both in the comics and mainstream press , and is considered by several critics and reviewers to be one of the most significant works of 20th-century literature . Watchmen was recognized in Times List of the 100 Best Novels as one of the best English language novels published since 1923 , and placed # 91 on The Comics Journals list of the top 100 comics of the 20th century . The BBC described it as `` The moment comic books grew up . ''   After a number of attempts to adapt the series into a feature film , director Zack Snyder 's Watchmen was released in 2009 . A video game series , Watchmen : The End Is Nigh , was released in the same year to coincide with the film 's release . In 2012 , DC Comics published Before Watchmen , a comic-book series acting as a prequel to the original Watchmen series , without Moore and Gibbons ' involvement .  Time 's List of the 100 Best Novels '' ' is an unranked list of the 100 best novels -- and ten best graphic novels -- published in the English language between 1923 and 2005 . The list was compiled by Time Magazine critics Lev Grossman and Richard Lacayo .   The list only includes works between 1923 -LRB- when Time was first published -RRB- and 2005 -LRB- when the list was compiled -RRB- . As a result , notable books such as Ulysses by James Joyce -- published before 1923 -- were ineligible for inclusion.Watchmen '' -LRB- 1986 -RRB- by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons appears on both the 100 Best Novels and 10 Best Graphic Novels lists , giving the combined lists 109 entries .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Android has had prosperity.", "evidence": "Android is a mobile operating system developed by Google , based on the Linux kernel and designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets . Android 's user interface is mainly based on direct manipulation , using touch gestures that loosely correspond to real-world actions , such as swiping , tapping and pinching , to manipulate on-screen objects , along with a virtual keyboard for text input . In addition to touchscreen devices , Google has further developed Android TV for televisions , Android Auto for cars , and Android Wear for wrist watches , each with a specialized user interface . Variants of Android are also used on notebooks , game consoles , digital cameras , and other electronics .   Initially developed by Android Inc. , which Google bought in 2005 , Android was unveiled in 2007 , along with the founding of the Open Handset Alliancea consortium of hardware , software , and telecommunication companies devoted to advancing open standards for mobile devices . Beginning with the first commercial Android device in September 2008 , the operating system has gone through multiple major releases , with the current version being 7.0 `` Nougat '' , released in August 2016 . Android applications -LRB- `` apps '' -RRB- can be downloaded from the Google Play store , which features over 2.7 million apps as of February 2017 . Android has been the best-selling OS on tablets since 2013 , and runs on the vast majority of smartphones . , Android has two billion monthly active users , and it has the largest installed base of any operating system .   Android 's source code is released by Google under an open source license , although most Android devices ultimately ship with a combination of free and open source and proprietary software , including proprietary software required for accessing Google services . Android is popular with technology companies that require a ready-made , low-cost and customizable operating system for high-tech devices . Its open nature has encouraged a large community of developers and enthusiasts to use the open-source code as a foundation for community-driven projects , which deliver updates to older devices , add new features for advanced users or bring Android to devices originally shipped with other operating systems . The extensive variation of hardware in Android devices causes significant delays for software upgrades , with new versions of the operating system and security patches typically taking months before reaching consumers , or sometimes not at all . The success of Android has made it a target for patent and copyright litigation as part of the so-called `` smartphone wars '' between technology companies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Saddam Hussein died in 1937.", "evidence": "Saddam Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti -LRB- Arabic : \u0635\u062f\u0627\u0645 \u062d\u0633\u064a\u0646 \u0639\u0628\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062c\u064a\u062f \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0643\u0631\u064a\u062a\u064a ; 28 April 1937 -- 30 December 2006 -RRB- was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 . A leading member of the revolutionary Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party , and later , the Baghdad-based Ba'ath Party and its regional organization the Iraqi Ba'ath Party -- which espoused Ba'athism , a mix of Arab nationalism and socialism -- Saddam played a key role in the 1968 coup -LRB- later referred to as the 17 July Revolution -RRB- that brought the party to power in Iraq .   As vice president under the ailing General Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr , and at a time when many groups were considered capable of overthrowing the government , Saddam created security forces through which he tightly controlled conflict between the government and the armed forces . In the early 1970s , Saddam nationalized oil and other industries . The state-owned banks were put under his control , leaving the system eventually insolvent mostly due to the Iran -- Iraq War , the Gulf War , and UN sanctions . Through the 1970s , Saddam cemented his authority over the apparatuses of government as oil money helped Iraq 's economy to grow at a rapid pace . Positions of power in the country were mostly filled with Sunni Arabs , a minority that made up only a fifth of the population .   Saddam formally rose to power in 1979 , although he had been the de facto head of Iraq for several years prior . He suppressed several movements , particularly Shi'a and Kurdish movements , seeking to overthrow the government or gain independence , and maintained power during the Iran -- Iraq War and the Gulf War . Whereas some in the Arab world lauded Saddam for his opposition to the United States and for attacking Israel -- he was widely condemned for the brutality of his dictatorship . The total number of Iraqis killed by the security services of Saddam 's government in various purges and genocides is conservatively estimated at 250,000 .   In 2003 , a coalition led by the U.S. invaded Iraq to depose Saddam , in which U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair accused him of possessing weapons of mass destruction and having ties to al-Qaeda . Saddam 's Ba'ath party was disbanded and elections were held . Following his capture on 13 December 2003 , the trial of Saddam took place under the Iraqi Interim Government . On 5 November 2006 , Saddam was convicted of charges of crimes against humanity related to the 1982 killing of 148 Iraqi Shi'ites , and was sentenced to death by hanging . His execution was carried out on 30 December 2006 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Tim Rice has collaborated with someone.", "evidence": "Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice -LRB- born 10 November 1944 -RRB- is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist . He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Bj\u00f6rn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken -LRB- Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David -RRB- , Elton John -LRB- The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado -RRB- and Ennio Morricone .   One of the most celebrated lyricists in British popular culture , Rice was knighted by Elizabeth II for services to music in 1994 . He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , is an inductee into the Songwriter 's Hall of Fame , is a Disney Legend recipient , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors . The 2016 Sunday Times Rich List values Rice at # 150m ; the 15th richest music millionaire in the UK .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hugo Weaving is in zero movies.", "evidence": "Hugo Wallace Weaving -LRB- born 4 April 1960 -RRB- is a Nigerian-born English-Australian film and stage actor . He is best known for playing Agent Smith in The Matrix trilogy -LRB- 1999 -- 2003 -RRB- , Elrond in The Lord of the Rings -LRB- 2001 -- 2003 -RRB- and The Hobbit -LRB- 2012 -- 2014 -RRB- film trilogies , V in V for Vendetta -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Red Skull in Captain America : The First Avenger -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Tom Doss in Hacksaw Ridge -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   Weaving 's first television role was in the 1984 Australian television series Bodyline , where he portrayed English cricket captain Douglas Jardine . In film , he first rose to prominence for his performance as Martin in the Australian drama Proof -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . Weaving played Anthony `` Tick '' Belrose/Mitzi Del Bra in the comedy-drama The Adventures of Priscilla , Queen of the Desert -LRB- 1994 -RRB- ; and multiple roles in the science fiction film Cloud Atlas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . His roles as a voice actor include Rex in Babe , Noah in Happy Feet and Happy Feet Two , and Megatron in the Transformers film series .   Weaving 's awards for acting include a Satellite Award , MTV Movie Award and six Australian Film Institute Awards .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Time Lords have time machines.", "evidence": "The Time Lords are a fictional , ancient extraterrestrial people in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , of which the series ' protagonist , the Doctor , is a member . Time Lords are so named for their command of time travel technology and their non-linear perception of time . Originally they were described as a powerful and wise race from the planet Gallifrey , from which the Doctor was a renegade ; details beyond this were very limited for the first decade of the series . They later became integral to many episodes and stories as their role in the fictional universe developed . For the first eight years after the series resumed in 2005 , the Time Lords were said to have been destroyed at some point between the original series ' cancellation in 1989 and the show 's revival during the fictional Last Great Time War . In 2013 , the 50th anniversary special `` The Day of the Doctor '' concerned this supposed destruction and their eventual survival .   They developed a culture of custodianship and time-related technologies based on this perception which includes strictly controlled space/time travel machines -LRB- known as `` TARDISes '' -RRB- and monitoring devices to travel through time and to prevent time from being subverted or abused -- although actual action was described as rare in practice due to their traditional policy of strict non-interference and neutrality . They can act to manipulate timelines of a wide range of events and individuals , so long as they do not cross back into their own timeline . Over subsequent episodes their history , their development of time manipulation , and their internal politics were touched upon , with Time Lord society portrayed as a stagnated ceremony-bound oligarchy and their past having descended into myth and legend . The Doctor became at times an ally , being appointed their president during his fourth incarnation and assisting them on many occasions .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Arsenic and Old Lace was released in 1964.", "evidence": "Arsenic and Old Lace is a 1944 American dark comedy film directed by Frank Capra , starring Cary Grant , and based on Joseph Kesselring 's play Arsenic and Old Lace . The script adaptation was by Julius J. Epstein and Philip G. Epstein . Capra actually filmed the movie in 1941 because of star Cary Grant 's availability , but it was not released until 1944 , after the original stage version had finished its run on Broadway . The lead role of Mortimer Brewster was originally intended for Bob Hope , but he could not be released from his contract with Paramount . Capra had also approached Jack Benny and Ronald Reagan before learning that Grant would accept the role . Boris Karloff played Jonathan Brewster , who `` looks like Karloff , '' on the Broadway stage , but he was unable to do the movie as well because he was still appearing in the play during filming , and Raymond Massey took his place . The film 's supporting cast also features Priscilla Lane , Jack Carson , Edward Everett Horton and Peter Lorre .   Josephine Hull and Jean Adair portray the Brewster sisters , Abby and Martha , respectively . Hull and Adair , as well as John Alexander -LRB- who played Teddy Brewster -RRB- , were reprising their roles from the 1941 stage production . Hull and Adair both received an eight-week leave of absence from the stage production that was still running , but Karloff did not as he was an investor in the stage production and its main draw . The entire film was shot within those eight weeks . The film cost just over $ 1.2 million of a $ 2 million budget to produce .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Catalyst is a rock song.", "evidence": "`` The Catalyst '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park . Released on August 2 , 2010 , it is the first single from their fourth studio album , A Thousand Suns , which was released on September 8 , 2010 . The music video for the song , directed by the band 's turntablist Joe Hahn , was released on August 26 , 2010 .   `` The Catalyst '' is used in the trailer and credits of the video game Medal of Honor and also the opening song of Namco-Bandai 's Arcade game , Mobile Suit Gundam : Extreme Vs. . It was also used in select commercials of the Discovery Channel series , Surviving the Cut . The song was also featured in the video game Linkin Park Revenge for the iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch . `` The Catalyst '' has also been used in the advertisement for the 2011 movie The Lincoln Lawyer with Matthew McConaughey .   `` The Catalyst '' , along with five other songs from A Thousand Suns , are featured in the `` Linkin Park Track Pack '' as downloadable content for the rhythm video game Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock . The track pack was released on October 19 , 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Indiana Jones has been portrayed by Corey Carrier.", "evidence": "Henry Walton `` Indiana '' Jones Jr. -LRB- also shortened to Indy -RRB- is a fictional character and the protagonist of the Indiana Jones franchise . George Lucas created the character in homage to the action heroes of 1930s film serials . The character first appeared in the 1981 film Raiders of the Lost Ark , to be followed by Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom in 1984 , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade in 1989 , The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles from 1992 to 1996 , and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull in 2008 . The character is also featured in novels , comics , video games , and other media . Jones is also featured in the Disney theme park attraction , Indiana Jones Adventure at Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea , as well as the Disneyland Paris attraction Indiana Jones et le Temple du P\u00e9ril .   Jones is most famously played by Harrison Ford and has also been portrayed by River Phoenix -LRB- as the young Jones in The Last Crusade -RRB- and in the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles by Corey Carrier , Sean Patrick Flanery , and George Hall . Doug Lee has supplied the voice of Jones for two LucasArts video games , Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis and Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine , David Esch supplied his voice for Indiana Jones and the Emperor 's Tomb , and John Armstrong for Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings .   The character is distinguished by his appearance -LRB- bullwhip , fedora , satchel and leather jacket -RRB- , sense of humor , deep knowledge of many ancient civilizations and languages , and fear of snakes .   Since his first appearance in Raiders of the Lost Ark , Indiana Jones has become one of cinema 's most famous characters . In 2003 , the American Film Institute ranked him the second greatest film hero of all time . He was also named the 6th Greatest Movie Character by Empire magazine . Entertainment Weekly ranked Indy 2nd on their list of The All-Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture . Premiere magazine also placed Indy at number 7 on their list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Umbrella is a single.", "evidence": "`` Umbrella '' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . It features American rapper Jay Z , who co-wrote the song with its producers Tricky Stewart and Kuk Harrell , with additional writing from The-Dream . The song was originally written with Britney Spears in mind , but her label rejected it . `` Umbrella '' is a pop and R&B song with hip-hop and rock touches referring to a romantic and platonic relationship and the strength of that relationship .   Entertainment Weekly ranked the song number one on the 10 Best Singles of 2007 , while Rolling Stone and Time listed the song at number three on the 100 Best Songs of 2007 . The song has earned Rihanna several awards and nominations . In 2007 , the song won two awards at the MTV Video Music Awards , when it was nominated for four . At the 2008 Grammy Awards , `` Umbrella '' also earned Rihanna and Jay Z a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in addition to receiving nominations for Record of the Year and Song of the Year . The song is also listed on Rolling Stones The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time at 412 .   The song serves as the lead single to the album , and was released worldwide on March 29 , 2007 through Def Jam Recordings . `` Umbrella '' was a commercial success , topping the charts in Australia , Canada , Germany , Spain , the Republic of Ireland , Sweden , Switzerland , the United Kingdom , and the United States . In the United Kingdom , where the song 's chart performance generated controversy when the country was experiencing excessive flooding and large amounts of rain at the time , it was one of the most played songs on radio in the 2000s -LRB- decade -RRB- . It managed to stay at number one on the UK Singles Chart for 10 consecutive weeks , the longest run at number one for any single of that decade , and is also one of the few songs to top the chart for at least 10 weeks . The single was one of the highest digital debuts in the United States and remained at the top of the US Billboard Hot 100 for seven consecutive weeks .   The single 's accompanying music video was directed by Chris Applebaum and features , among all , Rihanna 's nude body covered in silver paint . The video earned Rihanna a Video of the Year at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards and Most Watched Video on MuchMusic.com at MuchMusic Video Awards . Along with countless amateurs , `` Umbrella '' has been covered by several notable performers from a variety of musical genres , including All Time Low , the Baseballs , Biffy Clyro , Manic Street Preachers , McFly , Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park , OneRepublic , Taylor Swift , and Vanilla Sky . Rihanna performed the song at the 2007 MTV Movie Awards , 2008 BRIT Awards and was the closing song of the `` Good Girl Gone Bad Tour '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , the `` Last Girl on Earth '' -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and the `` Loud Tour '' -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . It was included in the `` Diamonds World Tour '' -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and the `` Anti World Tour '' -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sandra Bullock stars in The Proposal.", "evidence": "The Proposal is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and written by Peter Chiarelli . The film stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds , Betty White , Mary Steenburgen and Craig T. Nelson . The film was produced by Mandeville Films and released on June 19 , 2009 , in North America by Touchstone Pictures . The plot centers on a Canadian executive , Margaret Tate , who learns that she may face deportation from the U.S. because of her expired visa . Determined to retain her position as editor in chief of a publishing house , Tate convinces her assistant , Andrew Paxton , to temporarily act as her fianc\u00e9 . Initially planning on resuming their lives after Tate resolves her visa issues , they appear to abandon those plans as their relationship intensifies .   Development on the film began in 2005 , when Chiarelli wrote the film 's script . Principal filming occurred over a period of two months from March to May 2008 . The film received mixed reviews from critics , who criticized its script , but praised the chemistry between Bullock and Reynolds . The film was a box office success , grossing over $ 317 million worldwide , becoming the highest grossing romantic comedy film of 2009 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Martin Luther King Jr. worked on segregated housing in earnest.", "evidence": "Martin Luther King Jr. -LRB- born Michael King Jr. , January 15 , 1929 -- April 4 , 1968 -RRB- was an American Baptist minister and activist who was a leader in the Civil Rights Movement . He is best known for his role in the advancement of civil rights using nonviolent civil disobedience based on his Christian beliefs .   King became a civil rights activist early in his career . He led the 1955 Montgomery bus boycott and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Conference -LRB- SCLC -RRB- in 1957 , serving as its first president . With the SCLC , King led an unsuccessful 1962 struggle against segregation in Albany , Georgia , and helped organize the 1963 nonviolent protests in Birmingham , Alabama . King also helped to organize the 1963 March on Washington , where he delivered his famous `` I Have a Dream '' speech .   On October 14 , 1964 , King received the Nobel Peace Prize for combating racial inequality through nonviolent resistance . In 1965 , he helped to organize the Selma to Montgomery marches , and the following year he and SCLC took the movement north to Chicago to work on segregated housing . In the final years of his life , King expanded his focus to include opposition towards poverty and the Vietnam War , alienating many of his liberal allies with a 1967 speech titled `` Beyond Vietnam '' .   In 1968 , King was planning a national occupation of Washington , D.C. , to be called the Poor People 's Campaign , when he was assassinated by James Earl Ray on April 4 in Memphis , Tennessee . King 's death was followed by riots in many U.S. cities . Ray , who fled the country , was arrested two months later at London Heathrow Airport . Ray was sentenced to 99 years in prison for King 's murder , and died in 1998 from hepatitis while serving his sentence .   King was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal . Martin Luther King Jr. . Day was established as a holiday in numerous cities and states beginning in 1971 , and as a U.S. federal holiday in 1986 . Hundreds of streets in the U.S. have been renamed in his honor , and a county in Washington State was also renamed for him . The Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , was dedicated in 2011 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "FC Barcelona was awarded five trophies.", "evidence": "Futbol Club Barcelona -LRB- -LSB- fub\u02c8b\u0254\u026b \u02c8k\u026bub b\u0259rs\u0259\u02c8\u026bon\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Bar\u00e7a , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .   Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` M\u00e9s que un club '' -LRB- `` More than a club '' -RRB- . Unlike many other football clubs , the supporters own and operate Barcelona . It is the second most valuable sports team in the world , worth $ 3.56 billion , and the world 's second richest football club in terms of revenue , with an annual turnover of $ 560.8 million . The official Barcelona anthem is the `` Cant del Bar\u00e7a '' , written by Jaume Picas and Josep Maria Espin\u00e0s .   Domestically , Barcelona has won 24 La Liga , 29 Copa del Rey , 12 Supercopa de Espa\u00f1a , 3 Copa Eva Duarte and 2 Copa de la Liga trophies , as well as being the record holder for the latter four competitions . In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup . Barcelona was ranked first in the IFFHS Club World Ranking for 1997 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 and 2015 and currently occupies the third position on the UEFA club rankings . The club has a long-standing rivalry with Real Madrid ; matches between the two teams are referred to as El Cl\u00e1sico .   Barcelona is one of the most widely supported teams in the world , and the club has the largest social media following in the world among sports teams . Barcelona players have won a record number of Ballon d'Or awards -LRB- 11 -RRB- , with recipients including Johan Cruyff , as well as a record number of FIFA World Player of the Year awards -LRB- 7 -RRB- , with winners including Ronaldo , Rom\u00e1rio and Ronaldinho . In 2010 , three players who came through the club 's youth academy -LRB- Lionel Messi , Andr\u00e9s Iniesta and Xavi -RRB- were chosen as the three best players in the world in the FIFA Ballon d'Or awards , an unprecedented feat for players from the same football school .   Barcelona is one of three founding members of the Primera Divisi\u00f3n that have never been relegated from the top division , along with Athletic Bilbao and Real Madrid . In 2009 , Barcelona became the first Spanish club to win the continental treble consisting of La Liga , Copa del Rey , and the UEFA Champions League , and also became the first football club to win six out of six competitions in a single year , completing the sextuple in also winning the Spanish Super Cup , UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup . In 2011 , the club became European champions again and won five trophies . This Barcelona team , which won 14 trophies in just 4 years under Pep Guardiola , is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest team of all time . By winning their fifth Champions League trophy on 6 June 2015 , Barcelona became the first European club in history to achieve the continental treble twice .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Great Buck Howard was directed by Ingmar Bergman.", "evidence": "The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich . Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character . The character Buck Howard is inspired by the mentalist The Amazing Kreskin , whose popularity was at its height in the 1970s . The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 , 2008 . It is the first Walden Media film to be distributed by Magnolia Pictures .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "John McEnroe is famous for his aggressive behavior on the court.", "evidence": "John Patrick McEnroe Jr. -LRB- born February 16 , 1959 -RRB- is an American former World No. 1 professional tennis player , often rated among the greatest players of all time in the sport , especially for his touch on the volley . He won seven Grand Slam singles titles -LRB- three at Wimbledon and four at the US Open -RRB- , nine Grand Slam men 's doubles titles , and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title . He also won a record eight year-end championships , 19 Grand Prix Super Series titles , and finished his career with 77 ATP-listed singles titles and 78 in doubles .   McEnroe is known for his shot-making artistry and volleying skills ; for his rivalries with Bj\u00f6rn Borg , Jimmy Connors and Ivan Lendl ; and for his confrontational on-court behavior , which frequently landed him in trouble with umpires and tennis authorities . In 1981 , 1983 and 1984 he was both the ATP player of the year and the ITF World Champion for Men 's singles . His match record of 82 -- 3 in 1984 remains the best single season win rate of the Open Era .   McEnroe is a former Captain of the United States Davis Cup team and as a player was part of five Cup-winning teams . He continues to play tennis and competes in senior events on the ATP Champions Tour . He was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1999 and received the Philippe Chatrier Award in 2007 . After his tennis career he became a television commentator , a game show host and a chat show host . Additionally , he has appeared in several films and television shows as himself and has played music live . He has been married since 1997 to musician and former Scandal lead singer Patty Smyth ; they have six children between them -LRB- two together -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "John Mayer's first EP was released while he was signed to Columbia Records.", "evidence": "John Clayton Mayer -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8me\u026a.\u025a -RSB- born October 16 , 1977 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer . He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield . He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston , but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook . Together , they formed a short-lived two-man band called Lo-Fi Masters . After their split , Mayer continued to play local clubs -- refining his skills and gaining a following . After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out . His following two full-length albums -- Room for Squares -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Heavier Things -LRB- 2003 -RRB- -- did well commercially , achieving multi-platinum status . In 2003 , he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single `` Your Body Is a Wonderland '' .   Though Mayer started his career mainly performing acoustic rock , he began moving towards the blues genre that had originally influenced him as a musician . By 2005 , he was collaborating with blues artists such as B. B. King , Buddy Guy , and Eric Clapton . Forming the John Mayer Trio , he released a live album in 2005 called Try ! , and his third studio album Continuum in 2006 . Both albums received wide critical acclaim , and Continuum earned Mayer a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album . He also won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Waiting on the World to Change '' . That album was followed by Battle Studies in 2009 , a return to pop , with a number-one grossing tour .   After having several controversial incidents with the media , Mayer withdrew from public life in 2010 and began work on a follow-up album , called Born and Raised , that would draw inspiration from the 1970s pop music of Laurel Canyon . However , the discovery of a granuloma on his vocal cords delayed the release of the album until May 2012 , and ultimately forced him to cancel the planned tour . Even so , the album enjoyed a generally favorable reception , though was less commercially successful than his previous work . After extensive treatments for his vocal problems -- and a two-year hiatus -- Mayer began performing as a singer again in January 2013 , and that year released the album , Paradise Valley . The album is named for where he lives in Montana and features country music influences . By 2014 , he had sold a total of over 20 million albums worldwide . After developing an interest in the Grateful Dead and connecting with Bob Weir , Mayer formed Dead & Company with three former Grateful Dead musicians . After two well-received tours in the fall of 2015 and summer of 2016 , the band has already committed to another tour for the summer of 2017 .   Mayer 's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting , comedy , and writing ; he has authored columns for magazines such as Esquire . He supports various causes and has performed at charity benefits . He is a watch aficionado -LRB- with a collection he values in the `` tens of millions '' of dollars -RRB- , and has been on the jury at the Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Gen\u00e8ve . He currently lives in Montana . His latest song is `` Love on the Weekend '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dirty Diana is by Michael Jackson.", "evidence": "`` Dirty Diana '' is a song by American artist Michael Jackson . It is the ninth track on Jackson 's seventh studio album , Bad . The song was released by Epic Records on April 18 , 1988 as the fifth single from the album . It presents a harder rock sound similar to `` Beat It '' from Thriller and a guitar solo played by Steve Stevens . `` Dirty Diana '' was written and co-produced by Jackson , and produced by Quincy Jones . The songs lyrics pertain to groupies . `` Dirty Diana '' has a moderate tempo and is played in the key of G minor .   `` Dirty Diana '' received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics , but was a commercial success worldwide in 1988 , charting at No. 1 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 . The song also charted within the top ten in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom , France , Italy , and New Zealand . `` Dirty Diana '' was the fifth and final Hot 100 number one single from Bad . In 2009 , after Jackson 's death in June , the song re-entered charts , mainly due to digital download sales . A music video for `` Dirty Diana '' was filmed in front of a live audience and released in 1988 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "American Gods' adaptation began airing.", "evidence": "American Gods is a Hugo and Nebula Award-winning novel by English author Neil Gaiman . The novel is a blend of Americana , fantasy , and various strands of ancient and modern mythology , all centering on the mysterious and taciturn Shadow . Several of the themes touched upon in the book were previously glimpsed in The Sandman comic book series .   The book was published in 2001 by Headline in the United Kingdom and by William Morrow in the United States . A special tenth anniversary edition , which includes the `` author 's preferred text '' and 12,000 additional words , was published in June 2011 by William Morrow . The text is identical to the signed and numbered limited edition released in 2003 by Hill House Publishers , and to the edition from Headline , Gaiman 's publisher in the UK since 2005 . The tenth anniversary edition marks the first time the author 's preferred text has been available in wide release outside the UK . Gaiman also did an extensive sold-out book tour celebrating the tenth anniversary and promoting the book in 2011 .   There are two audio versions of the book , both produced and published by Harper Audio : an unabridged version of the original published edition , read by George Guidall , released in 2001 ; and a full cast audiobook version of the tenth anniversary edition , including the author 's preferred text and 12,000 additional words , released in 2011 . The full cast audiobook project also was announced on Neil Gaiman 's blog , along with a contest in which participants could submit audio auditions and the winner would get an all expense paid trip to New York City , to record a part for the audio book .   In March 2017 , The Folio Society published a special collector 's edition of American Gods with many corrections to the author 's preferred text version . Gaiman described it as ` the cleanest text there has ever been ' .   In April 2017 , Starz began airing an eponymous television adaptation of the novel . Bryan Fuller and Michael Green serve as showrunners , and Gaiman is an executive producer .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Adrienne Bailon is an American actress.", "evidence": "Adrienne Eliza Houghton -LRB- n\u00e9e Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality . Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW -LRB- 1999 -- 2007 -RRB- and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls -LRB- 2003 -- 2008 -RRB- .   Bailon recorded a debut solo album which was later shelved . Since then , Bailon has stated that she plans to record a Spanish-language solo album .   Aside from her work in 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , Bailon went on to develop her own acting career with roles in The Cheetah Girls films , Coach Carter and the MTV film All You 've Got . Aside from her work in film , she has also guest starred in numerous television series including the Disney Channel series That 's So Raven and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody . Bailon has established a solo music career , contributing two solo tracks , including `` What If '' , to The Cheetah Girls : One World soundtrack as well as the Confessions of a Shopaholic soundtrack , and numerous other guest musical ventures .   Bailon co-stars alongside television personality , model and actress Julissa Bermudez in their own reality series , Empire Girls : Julissa and Adrienne which airs on the Style Network . Adrienne met Julissa on the set of the 2006 film All You 've Got .   Currently , Bailon is one of the hosts of syndicated talk show The Real along with former fellow Disney Channel star Tamera Mowry , Jeannie Mai , and Loni Love , which premiered on July 15 , 2013 .   Bailon 's career , spanning over 16 years with both 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , has helped her sell a combined 5.6 million recording albums worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marlon Brando was in any movie but Julius Caesar.", "evidence": "Marlon Brando , Jr. -LRB- April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 -RRB- was an American actor , film director and political activist . He is credited with bringing realism to film acting . He helped to popularize the Stanislavski system of acting , studying with Stella Adler in the 1940s . Brando is widely known for his Academy Award-winning performances as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and Vito Corleone in The Godfather -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , as well as his performances in A Streetcar Named Desire -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , Viva Zapata ! -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , Julius Caesar -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , The Wild One -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , Guys and Dolls -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Reflections in a Golden Eye -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , Last Tango in Paris -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and Apocalypse Now -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . Brando was also an activist for many causes , notably the Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements .   He initially gained acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for reprising the role of Stanley Kowalski in the 1951 film adaptation of Tennessee Williams ' play A Streetcar Named Desire , a role that he had originated successfully on Broadway . He received further praise for his performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront , and his portrayal of the rebel motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in The Wild One proved to be a lasting image in popular culture . Brando received Academy Award nominations for playing Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata ! ; Mark Antony in Joseph L. Mankiewicz 's 1953 film adaptation of Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar ; and Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver in Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , an adaption of James Michener 's 1954 novel . Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .   The 1960s proved to be a fallow decade for Brando . He directed and starred in the cult western film One-Eyed Jacks , a critical and commercial flop , after which he delivered a series of box-office failures , beginning with the 1962 film adaptation of the novel Mutiny on the Bounty . After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest . The Godfather was then one of the most commercially successful films of all time . With that and his Oscar-nominated performance in Last Tango in Paris , Brando re-established himself in the ranks of top box-office stars , placing sixth and tenth in the Money Making Stars poll in 1972 and 1973 , respectively . Brando took a four-year hiatus before appearing in The Missouri Breaks -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . After this , he was content with being a highly paid character actor in cameo roles , such as in Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The Formula -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , before taking a nine-year break from motion pictures . According to the Guinness Book of World Records , Brando was paid a record $ 3.7 million -LRB- $ million in inflation-adjusted dollars -RRB- and 11.75 % of the gross profits for 13 days ' work on Superman . He finished out the 1970s with his controversial performance as Colonel Kurtz in another Coppola film , Apocalypse Now , a box-office hit for which he was highly paid and which helped finance his career layoff during the 1980s .   Brando was ranked by the American Film Institute as the fourth-greatest movie star among male movie stars whose screen debuts occurred in or before 1950 . He was one of only three professional actors , along with Charlie Chaplin and Marilyn Monroe , named in 1999 by Time magazine as one of its 100 Most Important People of the Century . He died of respiratory failure on July 1 , 2004 , at age 80 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Up All Night was released by Syco Records in 2011.", "evidence": "Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction , released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom , followed by a worldwide release during 2012 . Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 , One Direction began recording the album in Sweden , UK and the United States , working with a variety of writers and producers . The album is predominantly a pop music album which orientates into pop rock , dance-pop , teen pop and power pop . The album 's lyrical content regards being young , relationships , heartbreak and empowerment . Staged in support of the album , One Direction performed the album 's songs live on televised shows , at awards ceremonies , and during their worldwide Up All Night Tour .   The album received generally favourable reviews from contemporary music critics , many of whom appreciated the album 's combination of melodic song craft and catchy , pop-oriented material that , while slickly produced , avoided the commercial cynicism and adult contemporary posturing of some of their '80s and '90s forebears . An international success , the album topped the charts in sixteen countries and , by December 2012 , has sold over 4.5 million copies worldwide . The album bowed at number two on the UK Albums Chart and ultimately became the UK 's fastest-selling debut album of 2011 . Up All Night debuted to number one on the United States Billboard 200 , selling 176,000 copies in its first week . According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry -LRB- IFPI -RRB- , Up All Night was the third global best-selling album of 2012 with sales of 4.5 million copies .   One Direction finished 2012 with two of that year 's top five best-selling albums in the United States ; Up All Night at number three and their second studio album , Take Me Home , at number five , making the boy band the first act to place two albums in the year-end top five in the Nielsen SoundScan era . In addition , Up All Night became the best-selling album by a group and the third best-selling debut album of 2012 . Four singles were released from the album , including the UK Singles Chart top ten hits `` What Makes You Beautiful '' , `` Got ta Be You '' , and `` One Thing '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Little Miss Sunshine was filmed over 30 days beginning on June 6, 2005.", "evidence": "Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American comedy-drama road film and the directorial debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris . The screenplay was written by first-time writer Michael Arndt . The film stars Greg Kinnear , Steve Carell , Toni Collette , Paul Dano , Abigail Breslin and Alan Arkin , and was produced by Big Beach Films on a budget of US$ 8 million . Filming began on June 6 , 2005 and took place over 30 days in Arizona and Southern California .   The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 20 , 2006 , and its distribution rights were bought by Fox Searchlight Pictures for one of the biggest deals made in the history of the festival . The film had a limited release in the United States on July 26 , 2006 , and later expanded to a wider release starting on August 18 .   Little Miss Sunshine had an international box office gross of $ 100.5 million . The film was nominated for four Academy Awards , including Best Picture , and won two : Best Original Screenplay for Michael Arndt and Best Supporting Actor for Alan Arkin . It also won the Independent Spirit Award for Best Feature and received numerous other accolades .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "IO Theater is a place where people train.", "evidence": "iO , or iO Chicago , -LRB- formerly known as `` ImprovOlympic '' -RRB- is an improv theater and training center in central Chicago , with a branch in Los Angeles called iO West . The theater both teaches and hosts performances of improvisational comedy . It was founded in 1981 by the late Del Close and Charna Halpern . The theater has many notable alumni , including Amy Poehler and Stephen Colbert .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Coke Boys Records was founded by an American Rapper.", "evidence": "Coke Boys Records is an independent record label , originally known as Cocaine City Records that was founded by American rapper French Montana in 2008 . It is now an imprint on both Bad Boy Records and Maybach Music Group . Since then , French Montana has signed artists as follow .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "John McCain was a presidential nominee in 2008.", "evidence": "John Sidney McCain III -LRB- born August 29 , 1936 -RRB- is an American politician who currently serves as the senior United States Senator from Arizona . He was the Republican nominee for the 2008 U.S. presidential election .   McCain followed his father and grandfather , both four-star admirals , into the United States Navy , graduating from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1958 . He became a naval aviator , flying ground-attack aircraft from aircraft carriers . During the Vietnam War , he was almost killed in the 1967 USS Forrestal fire . In October 1967 , while on a bombing mission over Hanoi , he was shot down , seriously injured , and captured by the North Vietnamese . He was a prisoner of war until 1973 . McCain experienced episodes of torture , and refused an out-of-sequence early repatriation offer . His war wounds have left him with lifelong physical limitations .   He retired from the Navy as a captain in 1981 and moved to Arizona , where he entered politics . Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982 , McCain served two terms . He was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , winning re-election easily five times , most recently in 2016 . While generally adhering to conservative principles , McCain at times has had a media reputation as a `` maverick '' for his willingness to disagree with his party on certain issues . After being investigated and largely exonerated in a political influence scandal of the 1980s as a member of the Keating Five , he made campaign finance reform one of his signature concerns , eventually gaining passage of the McCain -- Feingold Act in 2002 . He is also known for his work in the 1990s to restore diplomatic relations with Vietnam , and for his belief that the Iraq War should have been fought to a successful conclusion . McCain has chaired the Senate Commerce Committee , opposed spending that he considered to be pork barrel , and played a key role in alleviating a crisis over judicial nominations with the bi-partisan group known as the Gang of 14 .   McCain ran for the Republican nomination in 2000 but lost a heated primary season contest to George W. Bush of Texas . He secured the nomination in 2008 after coming back from early reversals , but was defeated by Democratic candidate Barack Obama in the general election , losing by a 365 -- 173 electoral college margin and by 53 -- 46 % in the popular vote . He subsequently adopted more orthodox conservative stances and attitudes and largely opposed actions of the Obama administration , especially in regard to foreign policy matters . By 2013 , however , he had become a key figure in the Senate for negotiating deals on certain issues in an otherwise partisan environment . In 2015 , McCain became chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee .  The 2008 presidential campaign of John McCain , the longtime senior U.S. Senator from Arizona , was launched with an informal announcement on February 28 , 2007 during a live taping of the Late Show with David Letterman , and formally launched at an event on April 25 , 2007 . His second candidacy for the Presidency of the United States , he had previously ran for his party 's nomination in the 2000 primaries and was considered as a potential running mate for his party 's nominee , then-Governor George W. Bush of Texas . After winning a majority of delegates in the Republican primaries of 2008 , on August 29 , leading up to the convention , McCain selected Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska as his running mate for Vice President . Five days later , at the 2008 Republican National Convention , McCain was formally selected as the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 2008 presidential election .   McCain began the campaign as the apparent frontrunner among Republicans , with a strategy of appearing as the establishment , inevitable candidate ; his campaign website featured an Associated Press article describing him as '' -LSB- a -RSB- political celebrity '' . He made substantial overtures towards elements of the Republican base that had resisted his 2000 insurgency campaign . However , he soon fell behind in polls and fundraising ; by July 2007 his campaign was forced to restructure its size and operations . The tide of Republican sentiment against immigration reform legislation he sponsored also led to the erosion of his lead .   Towards the end of 2007 , McCain began a resurgence , which was capped by his January 2008 wins in the New Hampshire , South Carolina , and Florida primaries . This made him the front-runner for the Republican nomination . On Super Tuesday , McCain won both the majority of states and delegates in the Republican primaries , giving him a commanding lead toward the Republican nomination . McCain clinched a majority of the delegates and became the presumptive Republican nominee with wins in several more primaries on March 4 . The following day , President George W. Bush endorsed McCain at the White House .   In the general election , facing Democratic nominee , Senator Barack Obama of Illinois , McCain was trailing during most of the season , only gaining a lead in national polls for a period after the Palin announcement and the 2008 Republican National Convention . The dominant issue of the campaign became the financial crisis of 2008 . Unable to gain traction against Obama in presidential debates , the final stages of the campaign saw McCain criticizing Obama for being a `` redistributionist '' and adopting symbols such as Joe the Plumber .   On November 4 , 2008 , McCain lost to Barack Obama in the general election , receiving 173 votes of the electoral college to Obama 's 365 and gaining 46 percent of the popular vote to Obama 's 53 percent . Had McCain been elected , he would have been the oldest President to take office at age 72 , succeeding Ronald Reagan , who did so at age 69 , and the first not born in the 50 states , as he was born in the Panama Canal Zone -LRB- a U.S. Territory at the time of McCain 's birth -RRB- . McCain would 've also been the first president from the state of Arizona , whereas Palin would have been the first female vice president , as well as the first vice president from Alaska and outside the mainland United States .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gia is a work.", "evidence": "Gia is a 1998 biographical HBO film about the life and times of one of America 's first supermodels , Gia Marie Carangi . The film stars Angelina Jolie as Gia and Faye Dunaway as Wilhelmina Cooper , with Mercedes Ruehl and Elizabeth Mitchell . It was directed by Michael Cristofer and written by Cristofer and Jay McInerney . The original music score was composed by Terence Blanchard .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "21 Jump Street was released by Columbia Pictures in 2002.", "evidence": "21 Jump Street is a 2012 American action comedy film directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller , written by Michael Bacall starring Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum . An adaptation of the 1987-1991 television series of the same name by Stephen J. Cannell and Patrick Hasburgh , set within the same continuity as the TV series ; the film follows two police officers who are forced to relive high school when they are assigned to go undercover as high school students to prevent the outbreak of a new synthetic drug and arrest its supplier .   It was released theatrically on March 16 , 2012 , by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and grossed $ 201 million . A sequel , titled 22 Jump Street , was released on June 13 , 2014 . Two further films , MIB 23 -LRB- a crossover with the Men in Black franchise -RRB- and a female-led spin-off , are currently in development .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kuala Lumpur has the Petronas Twin Towers.", "evidence": "Kuala Lumpur -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8kw\u0251\u02d0l\u0259 \u02c8l\u028amp\u028a\u0259 -RSB- or -LSB- - p\u0259r -RSB- -LSB- \u02c8kwal\u0259 \u02c8lump\u028ar -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur , or more commonly KL , is the national capital of Malaysia as well as its largest city . The only alpha world city in Malaysia , it covers an area of 243 km2 and has an estimated population of 1.73 million . Greater Kuala Lumpur , also known as the Klang Valley , is an urban agglomeration of 7.25 million people . It is among the fastest growing metropolitan regions in South-East Asia , in both population and economic development .   Kuala Lumpur is the cultural , financial and economic centre of Malaysia , home to the Parliament of Malaysia , and the official residence of the Malaysian King , the Istana Negara . The city once held the headquarters of the executive and judicial branches of the federal government as well , but they were moved to Putrajaya in early 1999 . Some sections of the judiciary still remain in Kuala Lumpur .   Kuala Lumpur is one of three Federal Territories of Malaysia , enclaved within the state of Selangor , on the central west coast of Peninsular Malaysia . Since the 1990s , the city has played host to many international sporting , political and cultural events including the 1998 Commonwealth Games and the Formula One Grand Prix . Kuala Lumpur has undergone rapid development in recent decades . It is home to the tallest twin buildings in the world , the Petronas Twin Towers , which have become an iconic symbol of Malaysia 's futuristic development .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The television series Fargo has an anthology format, setting each season in a different era with a different story and cast.", "evidence": "Fargo is an American black comedy -- crime drama anthology television series created and primarily written by Noah Hawley . The show is inspired by the 1996 film of the same name written and directed by the Coen brothers , who serve as executive producers on the series alongside Hawley . It premiered on April 15 , 2014 , on FX . The series follows an anthology format , with each season set in a different era with a different story , cast , and set of characters ; however , each season shares a common chronology with the original film .   The first season , set in 2006 and starring Billy Bob Thornton , Allison Tolman , Colin Hanks , and Martin Freeman , was met with critical acclaim . It won the Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Miniseries , Outstanding Directing and Outstanding Casting , and received fifteen additional nominations including Outstanding Writing , another Outstanding Directing nomination , and acting nominations for all four leads . It also won the Golden Globe Awards for Best Miniseries or Television Film and Best Actor -- Miniseries or Television Film for Thornton .   The second season , set in 1979 and starring Kirsten Dunst , Patrick Wilson , Jesse Plemons , Jean Smart , and Ted Danson , was met with even greater acclaim . It received three Golden Globe nominations , along with several Emmy nominations including Outstanding Miniseries and acting nominations for Dunst , Plemons , Smart , and Bokeem Woodbine .   The third season , set in 2010 and starring Ewan McGregor , Carrie Coon , Mary Elizabeth Winstead , Goran Bogdan and David Thewlis premiered on April 19 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "An annual training camp is hosted by the Carolina Panthers.", "evidence": "The Carolina Panthers are a professional American football team based in Charlotte , North Carolina . The Panthers compete in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- South division . The club is worth approximately US$ 1.56 billion , according to Forbes , and is controlled by founder Jerry Richardson and his family , who have a 48 percent stake ; the remainder of the team is held by a group of 14 limited partners . The team president is Danny Morrison , and the head coach is Ron Rivera .   The Panthers were announced as the league 's 29th franchise in 1993 , and began play in 1995 . The Panthers played well in their first two years , finishing in 1995 -LRB- an all-time best for an NFL expansion team 's first season -RRB- and 12 -- 4 the following year , winning the NFC West before ultimately losing to the eventual Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship Game . They did not have another winning season until 2003 , when they won the NFC Championship Game and reached Super Bowl XXXVIII , losing 32 -- 29 to the New England Patriots . After recording playoff appearances in 2005 and 2008 , the team failed to record another playoff appearance until 2013 , the first of three consecutive NFC South titles . After losing in the divisional round to the San Francisco 49ers in 2013 and the Seattle Seahawks in 2014 , the Panthers finally returned to the Super Bowl in 2016 , but lost to the Denver Broncos . The Panthers have reached the playoffs seven times , advancing to four NFC Championship Games and two Super Bowls . They have won six division titles , one in the NFC West and five in the NFC South .   The Carolina Panthers are legally registered as Panther Football , LLC . The team is headquartered in Bank of America Stadium in uptown Charlotte ; also the team 's home field . They are one of the few NFL teams to own the stadium they play in , which is legally registered as Panthers Stadium , LLC . The Panthers are supported throughout the Carolinas ; although the team has played its home games in Charlotte since 1996 , it played home games at Memorial Stadium in Clemson , South Carolina during its first season . The team hosts its annual training camp at Wofford College in Spartanburg , South Carolina .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ronaldo Maczinski is Irish.", "evidence": "Ronaldo Maczinski -LRB- born 11 September 1980 -RRB- , known as Ronaldo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward ; he had a lengthy career in Portuguese football .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Born This Way is a piece of music.", "evidence": "`` Born This Way '' is a song by American singer Lady Gaga , and the lead single from her second studio album of the same name . Written by Gaga and Jeppe Laursen , who produced it along with Fernando Garibay and DJ White Shadow , the track was developed while Gaga was on the road with The Monster Ball Tour . Inspired by 1990s music which empowered women and the gay community , Gaga explained that `` Born This Way '' was her freedom song . She sang part of the chorus at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards in 2010 and announced the song as the lead single from the album , released on February 11 , 2011 .   The record is backed by rumbling synth sounds , a humming bass and additional chorus percussion , with sole organ toward the end . The lyrics discuss the self-empowerment of minorities including the LGBT community as well as racial minorities , referring to `` cholas '' and `` orients '' , which drew criticism from Latino and Asian communities . Critics positively reviewed the song , calling it a `` club-ready anthem '' , though it faced criticism for having similarities with Madonna 's 1989 single `` Express Yourself '' . The song reached number one in over 25 countries and was her third single to top the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and the 1,000 th song in that chart 's history -LRB- since 1958 -RRB- to reach number one . `` Born This Way '' has sold 8.2 million copies worldwide , becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time .   Nick Knight directed the accompanying music video , which was inspired by surrealist painters like Salvador Dal\u00ed and Francis Bacon . Gaga is depicted as giving birth to a new race during a prologue . After a series of dance sequences , the video concludes with the view of a city populated by this race . Critics noted the video 's references to the work of Madonna , Michael Jackson , Bj\u00f6rk , and the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen , as well as to Greek mythology and surrealism .   Gaga performed the song at the 53rd Grammy Awards after coming out of an incubating vessel . It was also performed during the last leg of The Monster Ball Tour and on television shows such as Saturday Night Live , Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve and Good Morning America . The song was treated with different remixes , including a `` Country Road '' version recorded by Gaga herself and another by Indian production duo Salim-Sulaiman . Alice Cooper , Madonna , Katy Perry , Maria Aragon , and the cast of the TV series Glee have covered the song .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "By 1997, Andre Agassi was number 141 in the world.", "evidence": "Andre Kirk Agassi -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0251\u02d0ndre\u026a_\u02c8\u00e6\u0261\u0259si -RSB- born April 29 , 1970 -RRB- is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s . Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game . Described by the BBC upon his retirement as `` perhaps the biggest worldwide star in the sport 's history '' , Agassi compiled performances that , along with his unorthodox apparel and attitude , saw him cited as one of the most charismatic players in the history of the game . As a result , he is credited for helping to revive the popularity of tennis during the 1990s .   In singles tennis , Agassi is an eight-time Grand Slam champion and a 1996 Olympic gold medalist , as well as finishing runner-up in seven other Grand Slam tournaments . During the Open Era , Agassi was the first male player to have won 4 Australian Open titles , a record that was later surpassed by Novak Djokovic when he won his 5th title on 2015 , and then by Roger Federer in 2017 . Agassi is one of five male singles players to achieve the Career Grand Slam in the Open Era and one of eight in history , the first of two to achieve the Career Golden Slam -LRB- Career Grand Slam and Olympic Gold Medal , the other being Rafael Nadal -RRB- , and the only man to win the Career Golden Slam and the ATP Tour World Championships -LRB- won in 1990 -RRB- : a distinction dubbed as a `` Career Super Slam '' by Sports Illustrated .   Agassi was the first male player to win all four Grand Slam tournaments on three different surfaces -LRB- hard , clay and grass -RRB- , and the last American male to win both the French Open -LRB- in 1999 -RRB- and the Australian Open -LRB- in 2003 -RRB- . He also won 17 ATP Masters Series titles and was part of the winning Davis Cup teams in 1990 , 1992 and 1995 . Agassi reached the World No. 1 ranking for the first time in 1995 but was troubled by personal issues during the mid-to-late 1990s and sank to World No. 141 in 1997 , prompting many to believe that his career was over . Agassi returned to World No. 1 in 1999 and enjoyed the most successful run of his career over the next four years . During his 20-plus year tour career , Agassi was known by the nickname `` The Punisher '' .   After suffering from sciatica caused by two bulging discs in his back , a spondylolisthesis -LRB- vertebral displacement -RRB- and a bone spur that interfered with the nerve , Agassi retired from professional tennis on September 3 , 2006 , after losing in the third round of the US Open to Benjamin Becker . He is the founder of the Andre Agassi Charitable Foundation , which has raised over $ 60 million for at-risk children in Southern Nevada . In 2001 , the Foundation opened the Andre Agassi College Preparatory Academy in Las Vegas , a K-12 public charter school for at-risk children . He has been married to fellow tennis player Steffi Graf since 2001 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charles, Prince of Wales was a grandchild of a king.", "evidence": "Charles , Prince of Wales -LRB- Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 -RRB- is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II . Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 . He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover -LRB- the heir presumptive to Queen Anne -RRB- , who died in 1714 at the age of 83 .   Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child , as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College , Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 .   In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons : Prince William -LRB- born 1982 -RRB- later to become Duke of Cambridge , and Prince Harry -LRB- born 1984 -RRB- . In 1996 , the couple divorced , following well-publicised extramarital affairs . Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year . In 2005 , Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles .   Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations . Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 . Charles has sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment , such as climate change . As an environmentalist , he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world . His support for alternative medicine , including homeopathy , has been criticised by some in the medical community . He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings . Subsequently , Charles created Poundbury , an experimental new town based on his theories , in Dorset in 1993 . He has authored a number of books , including A Vision of Britain : A Personal View of Architecture in 1989 and the children 's book The Old Man of Lochnagar in 1980 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Man of Steel is a superhero movie from 2013.", "evidence": "Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film featuring the DC Comics character Superman . It is a British-American venture produced by Legendary Pictures , DC Entertainment , Syncopy Inc. , and Cruel and Unusual Films , and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the first installment in the DC Extended Universe . The film is directed by Zack Snyder , written by David S. Goyer , and stars Henry Cavill , Amy Adams , Michael Shannon , Kevin Costner , Diane Lane , Laurence Fishburne , Antje Traue , Ayelet Zurer , Christopher Meloni , and Russell Crowe . Man of Steel is a reboot of the Superman film series that retells the character 's origin story . In the film , Clark Kent learns that he is a superpowered alien from the planet Krypton and assumes the role of mankind 's protector as Superman , but finds himself having to prevent General Zod from destroying humanity .   Development began in 2008 , when Warner Bros. took pitches from comic book writers , screenwriters and directors , opting to reboot the franchise . In 2009 , a court ruling resulted in Jerry Siegel 's family recapturing the rights to Superman 's origins and Siegel 's copyright . The decision stated that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films , but if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011 , then the Shuster and Siegel estates would be able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film . Producer Christopher Nolan pitched Goyer 's idea after story discussion on The Dark Knight Rises , and Snyder was hired as the film 's director in October 2010 . Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago , Illinois , before moving to Vancouver and Plano , Illinois .   Man of Steel was released in theaters on June 14 , 2013 , in conventional 2D , 3D , and IMAX formats . Despite receiving mixed reviews , the film became a box office success , grossing over $ 668 million worldwide . Critics praised the film 's visuals , action sequences , and Hans Zimmer 's musical score but criticized its pacing and lack of character development . A follow-up , Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice was released on March 25 , 2016 while a standalone Superman sequel is in active development .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kate Beckinsale was directed by James Ivory.", "evidence": "Kathrin Romary Beckinsale -LRB- born 26 July 1973 -RRB- is an English actress . After some minor television roles , she made her film debut in Much Ado About Nothing -LRB- 1993 -RRB- while still a student at the University of Oxford . She then appeared in British costume dramas such as Prince of Jutland -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Cold Comfort Farm -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Emma -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , and The Golden Bowl -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , in addition to various stage and radio productions . She began to seek film work in the United States in the late 1990s and , after appearing in small-scale dramas The Last Days of Disco -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Brokedown Palace -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , she had starring roles in the war drama Pearl Harbor and the romantic comedy Serendipity . She followed those with appearances in The Aviator -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Click -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   Since being cast as Selene in the Underworld film series -LRB- 2003-present -RRB- , Beckinsale has become known primarily for her work in action films , including Van Helsing -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Whiteout -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Contraband -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Total Recall -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . She also continues to make appearances in smaller dramatic projects such as Snow Angels -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Nothing but the Truth -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and Everybody 's Fine -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . In 2016 , she appeared in Whit Stillman 's Jane Austen comedy Love & Friendship .  The Golden Bowl is a 2000 drama film directed by James Ivory . The screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala is based on the 1904 novel of the same name by Henry James , who considered the work his masterpiece .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shakira is a performer.", "evidence": "Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll -LRB- -LSB- -LRB- t -RRB- \u0283a\u02c8ki\u027ea isa\u02c8\u03b2el me\u03b2a\u02c8\u027eak ri\u02c8pol -RSB- ; -LSB- lang\u0283\u0259\u02c8ki : r\u0259 -RSB- born 2 February 1977 -RRB- is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , and record producer . Born and raised in Barranquilla , she began performing in school , demonstrating Latin American , Arabic , and rock and roll influences and belly dancing abilities . Shakira 's first studio albums , Magia and Peligro , failed to attain commercial success in the 1990s ; however , she rose to prominence in Latin America with her major-label debut , Pies Descalzos -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , and her fourth album , D\u00f3nde Est\u00e1n los Ladrones ? -LRB- 1998 -RRB- .   Shakira entered the English-language market with her fifth album , Laundry Service . Its lead single , `` Whenever , Wherever '' , became one of the most successful singles of 2002 . Her success was solidified with her sixth and seventh albums Fijaci\u00f3n Oral , Volumen Uno and Oral Fixation , Volume Two -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , the latter of which spawned one of the best-selling songs of the 21st century , `` Hips Do n't Lie '' . Shakira 's eighth and ninth albums , She Wolf -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and Sale el Sol -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , received critical praise . Her official song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup , `` Waka Waka -LRB- This Time for Africa -RRB- '' , became the biggest-selling World Cup song of all time . With over 1.3 billion views , it is one of the most-watched music videos on YouTube . Shakira served as a coach on the fourth and sixth seasons of the American version of The Voice in 2013 and 2014 , respectively . Her tenth album , Shakira -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , is preceded by its lead single , `` Ca n't Remember to Forget You '' .   Shakira has won many awards , including five MTV Video Music Awards , two Grammy Awards , eight Latin Grammy Awards , seven Billboard Music Awards , 28 Billboard Latin Music Awards and has been Golden Globe-nominated . She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , and has sold between 70 and 125 million records worldwide -LRB- depending on the source -RRB- , making her the best selling South American singer and one of the best selling Latin artists of all time . She carries out well-known philanthropic activities through charity work most notably through her Pies Descalzos Foundation . In 2014 , she was listed as the 58th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Michael Schumacher is a professional writer", "evidence": "Michael Schumacher -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u026a\u00e7a\u0294\u025bl \u02c8\u0283u\u02d0max\u0250 -RSB- ; born 3 January 1969 -RRB- is a German retired racing driver . He is a seven-time Formula One World Champion and is widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time . He was named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year twice . He won two titles with Benetton in and before moving to Ferrari where he drove for eleven years . His time with Ferrari yielded five consecutive titles between and .   Schumacher holds many of Formula One 's driver records , including most championships , race victories , fastest laps , pole positions and races won in a single season -- 13 in 2004 -LRB- the last record was equalled by fellow German Sebastian Vettel nine years later -RRB- . In 2002 , he became the only driver in Formula One history to finish in the top three in every race of a season and then also broke the record for most consecutive podium finishes . According to the official Formula One website , he is `` statistically the greatest driver the sport has ever seen '' .   After beginning in karting , Schumacher won the German drivers ' championships in Formula K\u00f6nig and Formula Three before joining Mercedes in the World Sportscar Championship . In 1991 , his Mercedes-funded race debut for the Jordan Formula One team resulted in Schumacher being signed by Benetton Formula One team as their driver for the rest of that season . Establishing himself as a top driver , finishing third in 1992 and fourth in 1993 , Schumacher became the first German World Drivers ' Champion in 1994 by one point over Damon Hill . In 1995 he repeated the success , this time with a greater margin . Schumacher moved to Ferrari in 1996 . Schumacher came close to winning the 1997 and 1998 titles , before breaking his leg at the 1999 British Grand Prix , ending another title run . Schumacher won five consecutive drivers ' titles from 2000 to 2004 . Schumacher retired from Formula One driving in 2006 staying with Ferrari as an advisor . He came close to an eighth title that year , but due to technical problems in the final two races he fell short to Fernando Alonso . Schumacher agreed to return for Ferrari part-way through 2009 , as cover for the badly injured Felipe Massa , but was prevented by a neck injury . Schumacher returned to Formula One on a permanent basis from 2010 with the Mercedes team before retiring for a second time at the conclusion of the 2012 season .   His career was not without controversy , including being twice involved in collisions in the final race of a season that determined the outcome of the World Championship , with Damon Hill in 1994 in Adelaide , and with Jacques Villeneuve in 1997 in Jerez . Off the track , Schumacher is an ambassador for UNESCO and a spokesman for driver safety . He has been involved in numerous humanitarian efforts throughout his life and donated tens of millions of dollars to charity . Schumacher and his younger brother , Ralf , are the only brothers to win races in Formula One , and they were the first brothers to finish 1st and 2nd in the same race , a feat they repeated in four subsequent races .   In December 2013 , Schumacher suffered a serious head injury in a skiing accident . He was airlifted to a hospital and placed in a medically induced coma , having suffered a traumatic brain injury . He was in the coma for six months from 29 December 2013 until 16 June 2014 . He left the hospital in Grenoble for further rehabilitation at the University Hospital -LRB- CHUV -RRB- in Lausanne . On 9 September 2014 , Schumacher was relocated to his home where he continues to receive medical treatment and rehabilitation privately .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Bridget Moynahan was cut from Lord of War.", "evidence": "Bridget Moynahan -LRB- born Kathryn Bridget Moynahan ; April 28 , 1971 -RRB- is an American actress and model . She graduated from Longmeadow High School , in Massachusetts , in 1989 , and began pursuing a career in modeling . She appeared in department-store catalogs and magazines , and after doing television commercials , she began taking acting lessons . Moynahan made her television debut in a guest appearance in the comedy series Sex and the City in 1999 , where she later had a recurring role as Natasha .   She made her feature film debut in Coyote Ugly -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . She was cast in a supporting role in Serendipity -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . Moynahan was also featured in the action film The Sum of All Fears -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , spy thriller The Recruit -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , the science-fiction movie I , Robot -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and the political thriller Lord of War -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .   She starred in the ABC television series Six Degrees , which premiered in September 2006 , but was cancelled after one season . Moynahan completed work in Elizabeth Allen 's Ramona and Beezus , which was released in July 2010 , and has starred in the CBS drama Blue Bloods since September 2010 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "There is a mosque in the Taj Mahal.", "evidence": "The Taj Mahal -LRB- -LSB- \u02cct\u0251\u02d0d\u0292_m\u0259\u02c8h\u0251\u02d0l -RSB- , more often -LSB- \u02c8t\u0251\u02d0\u0292 -RSB- meaning Crown of the Palace -RRB- is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the Yamuna river in the Indian city of Agra . It was commissioned in 1632 by the Mughal emperor , Shah Jahan -LRB- reigned 1628 -- 1658 -RRB- , to house the tomb of his favourite wife , Mumtaz Mahal . The tomb is the centrepiece of a 42 acre complex , which includes a mosque and a guest house , and is set in formal gardens bounded on three sides by a crenellated wall .   Construction of the mausoleum was essentially completed in 1643 but work continued on other phases of the project for another 10 years . The Taj Mahal complex is believed to have been completed in its entirety in 1653 at a cost estimated at the time to be around 32 million rupees , which in 2015 would be approximately 52.8 billion rupees -LRB- US$ 827 million -RRB- . The construction project employed some 20,000 artisans under the guidance of a board of architects led by the court architect to the emperor , Ustad Ahmad Lahauri .   The Taj Mahal was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 for being `` the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world 's heritage '' . Described by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore as `` the tear-drop on the cheek of time '' , it is regarded by many as the best example of Mughal architecture and a symbol of India 's rich history . The Taj Mahal attracts 7 -- 8 million visitors a year . In 2007 , it was declared a winner of the New7Wonders of the World -LRB- 2000 -- 2007 -RRB- initiative .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cry Freedom wasn't shot in Kenya.", "evidence": "Cry Freedom is a 1987 British epic drama film directed by Richard Attenborough , set in late-1970s apartheid era South Africa . The screenplay was written by John Briley based on a pair of books by journalist Donald Woods . The film centres on the real-life events involving black activist Steve Biko and his friend Donald Woods , who initially finds him destructive , and attempts to understand his way of life . Denzel Washington stars as Biko , while actor Kevin Kline portrays Woods . Cry Freedom delves into the ideas of discrimination , political corruption , and the repercussions of violence .   The film was primarily shot on location in Zimbabwe and in Kenya due to political turmoil in South Africa at the time of production . As a film showing mostly in limited cinematic release , it was nominated for multiple awards , including Academy Award nominations for Best Actor in a Supporting Role , Best Original Score , and Best Original Song . It also won a number of awards including those from the Berlin International Film Festival and the British Academy Film Awards .   A joint collective effort to commit to the film 's production was made by Universal Pictures and Marble Arch Productions . It was commercially distributed by Universal Pictures cinematically , and by MCA Home Video for home media . Cry Freedom premiered in cinemas nationwide in the United States on 6 November 1987 grossing $ 5,899,797 in domestic ticket receipts . The film was at its widest release showing in 479 cinemas nationwide . It was generally met with positive critical reviews before its initial screening in cinemas .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "In the United States presidential election of 1972, Richard Nixon was a candidate.", "evidence": "Richard Milhous Nixon -LRB- January 9 , 1913 -- April 22 , 1994 -RRB- was an American politician who served as the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974 , when he became the only U.S. president to resign from office . He had previously served as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961 under the presidency of Dwight D. Eisenhower , and prior to that as a U.S. Representative and also Senator from California .   Nixon was born in Yorba Linda , California . After completing his undergraduate studies at Whittier College , he graduated from Duke University School of Law in 1937 and returned to California to practice law . He and his wife Pat moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government . He subsequently served on active duty in the U.S. Navy Reserve during World War II . Nixon was elected to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950 . His pursuit of the Hiss Case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist , and elevated him to national prominence . He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election . Nixon served for eight years as vice president -- at 40 , the second-youngest vice president in history . He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy , and lost a race for Governor of California to Pat Brown in 1962 . In 1968 , he ran for the presidency again and was elected by defeating incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey .   Nixon ended American involvement in the war in Vietnam in 1973 and brought the American POWs home , and ended the military draft . Nixon 's visit to the People 's Republic of China in 1972 eventually led to diplomatic relations between the two nations , and he initiated d\u00e9tente and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union the same year . His administration generally transferred power from Washington D.C. to the states . He imposed wage and price controls for a period of ninety days , enforced desegregation of Southern schools and established the Environmental Protection Agency . Nixon also presided over the Apollo 11 moon landing , which signaled the end of the moon race . He was reelected in one of the largest electoral landslides in U.S. history in 1972 , when he defeated George McGovern .   The year 1973 saw an Arab oil embargo , gasoline rationing , and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal . The scandal escalated , costing Nixon much of his political support , and on August 9 , 1974 , he resigned in the face of almost certain impeachment and removal from office . After his resignation , he was issued a pardon by his successor , Gerald Ford . In retirement , Nixon 's work writing several books and undertaking of many foreign trips helped to rehabilitate his image . He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18 , 1994 , and died four days later at the age of 81 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a cultural attraction called the Museum of Science and Industry.", "evidence": "The Museum of Science and Industry -LRB- MSI -RRB- is located in Chicago , Illinois , in Jackson Park , in the Hyde Park neighborhood between Lake Michigan and The University of Chicago . It is housed in the former Palace of Fine Arts from the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition . Initially endowed by Julius Rosenwald , the Sears , Roebuck and Company president and philanthropist , it was supported by the Commercial Club of Chicago and opened in 1933 during the Century of Progress Exposition .   Among the museum 's exhibits are a full-size replica coal mine , captured during World War II , a 3500 sqft model railroad , the first diesel-powered streamlined stainless-steel passenger train -LRB- Pioneer Zephyr -RRB- , and the Apollo 8 spacecraft that carried the first humans to orbit the Moon .   Based on 2009 attendance , the Museum of Science and Industry was the second-largest cultural attraction in Chicago . David R. Mosena has been president and CEO of the museum since 1998 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Carrie Fisher wrote a book.", "evidence": "Carrie Frances Fisher -LRB- October 21 , 1956 -- December 27 , 2016 -RRB- was an American actress , writer and humorist who first became known for playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars film series . Her other film roles included Shampoo -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , The Blues Brothers -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , Hannah and Her Sisters -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The ` Burbs -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , and When Harry Met Sally ... -LRB- 1989 -RRB- .   Fisher wrote several semi-autobiographical novels , including Postcards from the Edge and the screenplay for the film of the book , as well as an autobiographical one-woman play , and its non-fiction book , Wishful Drinking , based on the play . She worked on other writers ' screenplays as a script doctor . In later years , she earned praise for speaking publicly about her experiences with bipolar disorder and drug addiction .   The daughter of the singer Eddie Fisher and actress Debbie Reynolds , Fisher and her mother appear in Bright Lights : Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds , a 2016 documentary about their relationship . It premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival . Fisher died of cardiac arrest on December 27 , 2016 , at age 60 , four days after experiencing a medical emergency during a transatlantic flight from London to Los Angeles . Her final film , Star Wars : The Last Jedi , is scheduled to be released on December 15 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Anil Kapoor has never been a producer.", "evidence": "Anil Kapoor -LRB- born 24 December 1956 -RRB- is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films , as well as international films and television series . His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor , and as a producer since 2005 . He has won many awards in his career , including two National Film Awards and six Filmfare Awards in different acting categories .   Kapoor made his Hindi film cameo appearance with Umesh Mehra 's Hamare Tumhare -LRB- 1979 -RRB- in a small role . He made his first debut film and then starred as a lead actor in the 1980 Telugu film , Vamsa Vruksham directed by Bapu . He then made his Kannada film debut with Mani Ratnam 's Pallavi Anu Pallavi -LRB- 1983 -RRB- . He received his first Filmfare Award , in the Best Supporting Actor category , for his role in Yash Chopra 's Mashaal -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . Kapoor earned his first Filmfare Best Actor Award for his performance in N. Chandra 's Tezaab -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and later again for his performance in Indra Kumar 's Beta -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .   He has also starred in many other critically and commercially successful films : Meri Jung -LRB- 1985 -RRB- ; Karma -LRB- 1986 -RRB- ; Mr. India -LRB- 1987 -RRB- ; Virasat -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , for which he won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor ; Taal -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , for which he won his second Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award ; Pukar -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , for which he won a National Film Award for Best Actor ; No Entry -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; Dil Dhadakne Do -LRB- 2015 -RRB- for which he won his third Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award .   Kapoor 's first role in an international film was in Danny Boyle 's Academy Award-winning film Slumdog Millionaire , for which he shared the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture . His performance in the eighth season of the action series 24 generated rave reviews from the American press . Globally , Kapoor is one of the most recognised Indian actors .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Adolf Hitler encouraged settler colonialism.", "evidence": "Adolf Hitler -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ad\u0254lf \u02c8h\u026atl\u0250 -RSB- ; 20 April 1889 -- 30 April 1945 -RRB- was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party -LRB- Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ; NSDAP -RRB- , Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945 , and F\u00fchrer -LRB- `` Leader '' -RRB- of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945 . As dictator of the German Reich , he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 , and was central to the Holocaust .   Hitler was born in Austria , then part of Austria-Hungary , and raised near Linz . He moved to Germany in 1913 and was decorated during his service in the German Army in World War I . He joined the German Workers ' Party -LRB- DAP -RRB- , the precursor of the NSDAP , in 1919 and became leader of the NSDAP in 1921 . In 1923 he attempted a coup in Munich to seize power . The failed coup resulted in Hitler 's imprisonment , during which he dictated the first volume of his autobiography and political manifesto Mein Kampf -LRB- `` My Struggle '' -RRB- . After his release in 1924 , Hitler gained popular support by attacking the Treaty of Versailles and promoting Pan-Germanism , anti-semitism , and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and Nazi propaganda . Hitler frequently denounced international capitalism and communism as being part of a Jewish conspiracy .   By 1933 , the Nazi Party was the largest elected party in the German Reichstag , which led to Hitler 's appointment as Chancellor on 30 January 1933 . Following fresh elections won by his coalition , the Reichstag passed the Enabling Act , which began the process of transforming the Weimar Republic into Nazi Germany , a one-party dictatorship based on the totalitarian and autocratic ideology of National Socialism . Hitler aimed to eliminate Jews from Germany and establish a New Order to counter what he saw as the injustice of the post-World War I international order dominated by Britain and France . His first six years in power resulted in rapid economic recovery from the Great Depression , the effective abandonment of restrictions imposed on Germany after World War I , and the annexation of territories that were home to millions of ethnic Germans -- actions which gave him significant popular support .   Hitler sought Lebensraum -LRB- `` living space '' -RRB- for the German people in Eastern Europe . His aggressive foreign policy is considered to be the primary cause of the outbreak of World War II in Europe . He directed large-scale rearmament and on 1 September 1939 invaded Poland , resulting in British and French declarations of war on Germany . In June 1941 , Hitler ordered an invasion of the Soviet Union . By the end of 1941 German forces and the European Axis powers occupied most of Europe and North Africa . Failure to defeat the Soviets and the entry of the United States into the war forced Germany onto the defensive and it suffered a series of escalating defeats . In the final days of the war , during the Battle of Berlin in 1945 , Hitler married his long-time lover , Eva Braun . On 30 April 1945 , less than two days later , the two killed themselves to avoid capture by the Red Army , and their corpses were burned .   Under Hitler 's leadership and racially motivated ideology , the Nazi regime was responsible for the genocide of at least 5.5 million Jews and millions of other victims whom he and his followers deemed Untermenschen -LRB- `` sub-humans '' -RRB- and socially undesirable . Hitler and the Nazi regime were also responsible for the killing of an estimated 19.3 million civilians and prisoners of war . In addition , 29 million soldiers and civilians died as a result of military action in the European Theatre of World War II . The number of civilians killed during the Second World War was unprecedented in warfare , and constitutes the deadliest conflict in human history .  The German concept of Lebensraum -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8le\u02d0b\u0259ns\u02cc\u0281a\u028am -RSB- , `` living space '' -RRB- refers to policies and practices of settler colonialism which proliferated in Germany from the 1890s to the 1940s . First popularized around 1901 , Lebensraum became a geopolitical goal of Imperial Germany in World War I -LRB- 1914 -- 1918 -RRB- originally , as the core element of the Septemberprogramm of territorial expansion . The most extreme form of this ideology was supported by the Nazi Party -LRB- NSDAP -RRB- and Nazi Germany until the end of World War II .   Following Adolf Hitler 's rise to power Lebensraum became an ideological principle of Nazism , and provided justification for the German territorial expansion into East-Central Europe . The Nazi Generalplan Ost policy -LRB- the Master Plan for the East -RRB- was based on its tenets . It stipulated that most of the indigenous populations of Eastern Europe would have to be removed permanently -LRB- either through mass deportation to Siberia , death , or enslavement -RRB- including Polish , Ukrainian , Russian , and other Slavic nations considered racially inferior and non-Aryan . The Nazi government aimed at repopulating these lands with Germanic colonists in the name of Lebensraum during World War II and thereafter . The entire populations were to be decimated by starvation , allowing for their own agricultural surplus to feed Germany .   Hitler 's strategic program for world domination was based on the belief in the power of Lebensraum , pursued by a racially superior society . People deemed to be part of inferior races , within the territory of Lebensraum expansion , were subjected to expulsion or destruction . The eugenics of Lebensraum assumed the right of the German Aryan master race -LRB- Herrenvolk -RRB- to remove indigenous people they considered to be of inferior racial stock -LRB- Untermenschen -RRB- in the name of their own living space . Nazi Germany also supported other ` Aryan ' nations ' pursuing their own Lebensraum , including Fascist Italy 's Spazio vitale .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Before Night Falls is a film.", "evidence": "Before Night Falls is a 2000 American biographical romantic drama directed by Julian Schnabel . Based on the autobiography of the same name of Reinaldo Arenas , which was published in English in 1993 , the screenplay was written by Schnabel , Cunningham O'Keefe and L\u00e1zaro G\u00f3mez Carriles . The film stars Javier Bardem -LRB- who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor -RRB- , Johnny Depp , Olivier Martinez , Andrea Di Stefano , Santiago Magill and Michael Wincott . The film had its world premiere at the 2000 Venice International Film Festival .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "An example of a Christmas comedy film is Home Alone.", "evidence": "Home Alone is a 1990 American Christmas comedy film written and produced by John Hughes and directed by Chris Columbus . The film stars Macaulay Culkin as Kevin McCallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to Paris for their Christmas vacation . Kevin initially relishes being home alone , but soon has to contend with two would-be burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern . The film also features Catherine O'Hara and John Heard as Kevin 's parents .   Culkin was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Musical or Comedy . After its release , Home Alone became the highest-grossing live action comedy film of all time in the United States , and also held the record worldwide until it was overtaken by The Hangover Part II in 2011 . It is the highest grossing Christmas movie of all time at the North American box office -LRB- when adjusted for inflation -RRB- . Home Alone has spawned a successful film franchise with four sequels , including the 1992 film Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York , the only Home Alone sequel to have the original cast reprising their roles .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Steven Price (composer) worked on the film Gravity.", "evidence": "Steven Price -LRB- born 22 April 1977 -RRB- is a British film composer , best known for scoring Gravity , which won him the Academy Award for Best Original Score . Before making his debut as a composer with Attack the Block , he worked on the music department for various notable films , such as The Lord of the Rings : The Two Towers , The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , Batman Begins , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The 1991 NBA Finals had the Lakers in it.", "evidence": "The 1991 NBA Finals was the championship round of the 1990 -- 91 NBA season . It was also the first NBA Finals broadcast by NBC after 17 years with CBS .   The documentary `` Learning to Fly , '' narrated by Jeff Kaye , recaps Chicago 's successful first championship season . The theme song is `` Learning to Fly '' by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .   The Chicago Bulls of the Eastern Conference took on the Los Angeles Lakers of the Western Conference for the title , with Chicago having home court advantage . It was Michael Jordan 's first NBA Finals appearance , Magic Johnson 's last , and the last NBA Finals for the Lakers until 2000 . The Bulls would win the series , 4-1 . Jordan averaged 31.2 points on 56 % shooting , 11.4 assists , 6.6 rebounds , 2.8 steals and 1.4 blocks en route to his first NBA Finals MVP Award .   The series was not the first time that the Bulls and Lakers faced off in the playoffs . Prior to 1991 , they met for four postseason series -LRB- 1968 , 1971 , 1972 and 1973 -RRB- , all Lakers victories . Chicago was a member of the Western Conference at the time and moved into the East in 1981 . The 1991 Finals marked the first time the Bulls defeated the Lakers in a playoff series .   This series would mark the end of the Lakers Showtime era and the beginning of the Bulls ' dynasty . After winning five championships in eight finals appearances in the 1980s , the Lakers would struggle for the rest of the 1990s before winning five championships between the 1999-2000 and 2009-10 seasons .   The 1991 Lakers were led by Johnson , already in his thirties , playing in his last full year , as was fellow All-Star teammate James Worthy ; Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had retired two seasons earlier . The Bulls , led by NBA MVP Michael Jordan and superstar small forward Scottie Pippen , would win five more championships after 1991 in a seven-year span , cementing their status as a dynasty before struggling badly in a post-MJ era that saw them take several years to even become average .   When it was all said and done , Michael Jordan became only the third man in NBA history -LRB- after George Mikan and Abdul-Jabbar -RRB- to capture the scoring title and the NBA Finals Championship in the same season .   Until 2015 , the Bulls were the last team to win an NBA championship despite fielding a full roster lacking in championship or Finals experience . None of the Bulls players had logged even a minute of NBA Finals experience prior to this .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Google has been the second most valuable brand in the world for 4 blue years.", "evidence": "Google is an American multinational technology company specializing in Internet-related services and products . These include online advertising technologies , search , cloud computing , software , and hardware . Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University , in California . Together , they own about 14 percent of its shares , and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock . They incorporated Google as a privately held company on September 4 , 1998 . An initial public offering -LRB- IPO -RRB- took place on August 19 , 2004 , and Google moved to its new headquarters in Mountain View , California , nicknamed the Googleplex . In August 2015 , Google announced plans to reorganize its various interests as a conglomerate called Alphabet Inc. . Google , Alphabet 's leading subsidiary , will continue to be the umbrella company for Alphabet 's Internet interests . Upon completion of the restructure , Sundar Pichai became CEO of Google , replacing Larry Page , who became CEO of Alphabet .   Rapid growth since incorporation has triggered a chain of products , acquisitions , and partnerships beyond Google 's core search engine -LRB- Google Search -RRB- . It offers services designed for work and productivity -LRB- Google Docs , Sheets and Slides -RRB- , email -LRB- Gmail/Inbox -RRB- , scheduling and time management -LRB- Google Calendar -RRB- , cloud storage -LRB- Google Drive -RRB- , social networking -LRB- Google + -RRB- , instant messaging and video chat -LRB- Google Allo/Duo/Hangouts -RRB- , language translation -LRB- Google Translate -RRB- , mapping and turn-by-turn navigation -LRB- Google Maps -RRB- , video sharing -LRB- YouTube -RRB- , notetaking -LRB- Google Keep -RRB- , and photo organizing and editing -LRB- Google Photos -RRB- . The company leads the development of the Android mobile operating system , the Google Chrome web browser , and Chrome OS , a lightweight operating system based on the Chrome browser . Google has moved increasingly into hardware ; from 2010 to 2015 , it partnered with major electronics manufacturers in the production of its Nexus devices , and in October 2016 , it released multiple hardware products -LRB- including the Google Pixel smartphone , Home smart speaker , Wifi mesh wireless router , and Daydream View virtual reality headset -RRB- . The new hardware chief , Rick Osterloh , stated : `` a lot of the innovation that we want to do now ends up requiring controlling the end-to-end user experience '' . Google has also experimented with becoming an Internet carrier . In February 2010 , it announced Google Fiber , a fiber-optic infrastructure that was installed in Kansas City ; in April 2015 , it launched Project Fi in the United States , combining Wi-Fi and cellular networks from different providers ; and in 2016 , it announced the Google Station initiative to make public Wi-Fi around the world , which had already been deployed in India .   Alexa , a company that monitors commercial web traffic , lists Google.com as the most visited website in the world . Several other Google services also figure in the top 100 most visited websites , including YouTube and Blogger . Google has been the second most valuable brand in the world for 4 consecutive years , but has received significant criticism involving issues such as privacy concerns , tax avoidance , antitrust , censorship , and search neutrality . Google 's mission statement , from the outset , was `` to organize the world 's information and make it universally accessible and useful '' , and its unofficial slogan was `` Do n't be evil '' . In October 2015 , the motto was replaced in the Alphabet corporate code of conduct by the phrase `` Do the right thing '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Instagram is a photo-sharing application.", "evidence": "Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately . It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system . A version for Android devices was released two years later , in April 2012 , followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012 , and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively .   Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service . Users can apply various digital filters to their images , and add locations through geotags . They can add hashtags to their posts , linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic . Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles , enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well . Originally , a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square ; this was changed in August 2015 , when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size . In June 2012 , an `` Explore '' tab was introduced in the mobile apps , showing users a variety of media , including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- popular photos and photos taken at nearby locations , trending tags and places , channels for recommended videos , and curated content . Support for videos was originally launched in June 2013 , and had a 15-second maximum duration and limited quality , with Instagram later adding support for widescreen and longer videos . Private messaging , called Instagram Direct , was launched with basic photo-sharing functionality in December 2013 , and has gradually received major updates incorporating more features . Updates include easier private sharing from the news feed , threaded conversations , sharing locations and hashtag pages , increased support for text and emoji , and the ability to make photos `` disappear '' after being viewed by the recipient . In August 2016 , Instagram introduced a `` Stories '' feature , letting users add photos to a story , with the content disappearing after 24 hours . Instagram added live-video functionality to Stories in November 2016 , augmented reality stickers in April 2017 , and face filters in May 2017 .   After its launch in 2010 , Instagram rapidly gained popularity , with one million registered users in two months , 10 million in a year , and ultimately 700 million as of April 2017 . Its users have uploaded over 40 billion photos to the service as of October 2015 . , the Instagram Stories functionality has over 200 million active users , while Instagram Direct has 375 million active users . Instagram was acquired by Facebook in April 2012 for approximately US$ 1 billion in cash and stock . The popularity of Instagram has sparked an engaging community , including dedicated `` trends '' , in which users post specific types of photos on specific days of the week with a hashtag representing a common theme . Instagram has received positive reviews for its iOS app , and it has been named `` one of the most influential social networks in the world '' . However , the company has been the subject of criticism on several issues , most notably incidents of drug sales on the platform , allegations of censorship towards women , and a May 2017 survey in the United Kingdom concluding that the service was bad for young mental health .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Snooki & Jwoww was renewed by at least one channel.", "evidence": "Snooki & Jwoww -LRB- sometimes rendered Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources -RRB- is an American reality television series on MTV starring Snooki and JWoww . It is the second of three spin-offs of Jersey Shore , on which both Polizzi and Farley previously gained fame as cast members . The series ran from June 21 , 2012 until February 4 , 2015 over four seasons . The series , which is executive produced by Jersey Shore producer SallyAnn Salsano of 495 Productions , is described by its stars as a modern-day Laverne & Shirley .   The first season focuses on Polizzi and Farley living together in a former firehouse in Jersey City , New Jersey , though Polizzi 's pregnancy , which was confirmed during filming of the first season , led to a change in episode content and tone that would distance it from the party-oriented antics of its parent show . Filming began on the first season February 25 , 2012 , and lasted five weeks . A second season was confirmed on August 3 , 2012 , and premiered on January 8 , 2013 . On April 25 , 2013 , MTV renewed the series for a third season , which premiered on October 22 , 2013 . On April 24 , 2014 , the series was renewed for the fourth and final season , which premiered on November 5 , 2014 , and concluded on February 4 , 2015 .  MTV -LRB- originally an initialism of Music Television -RRB- is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks -LRB- a division of Viacom -RRB- and headquartered in New York City . Launched on August 1 , 1981 , the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as `` video jockeys '' -LRB- VJs -RRB- . In its early years , MTV 's main target demographic was young adults , but today it is primarily towards teenagers , particularly high school and college students . MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years , and its programming now consists mainly of original reality , comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films , with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods . It has received criticism towards this change of focus , both by certain segments of its audience and musicians . MTV 's influence on its audience , including issues involving censorship and social activism , has also been a subject of debate for several years .   In recent years , MTV had struggled with the secular decline of music-related cable media . Its ratings had been said to be failing systematically , as younger viewers increasingly shift towards digital media , with yearly ratings drops as high as 29 % ; thus there was doubt of the lasting relevance of MTV towards young audiences . In April 2016 , MTV announced it would start to return to its original music roots with the reintroduction of the classic MTV series MTV Unplugged . It was also reported that the series MTV Cribs would be making a return on Snapchat , with fourteen original music-related shows speculated to be in production .   MTV has spawned numerous sister channels in the US and affiliated channels internationally , some of which have gone independent . As of July 2015 , approximately 92,188,000 US households -LRB- 79.2 % of households with television -RRB- have received MTV .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Eagles broke up in 1980.", "evidence": "The Eagles are an American rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1971 by Glenn Frey , Don Henley , Bernie Leadon , and Randy Meisner . With five number-one singles , six Grammy Awards , five American Music Awards , and six number one albums , the Eagles were one of the most successful musical acts of the 1970s . At the end of the 20th century , two of their albums , Their Greatest Hits -LRB- 1971 -- 1975 -RRB- and Hotel California , were ranked among the 20 best-selling albums in the United States according to the Recording Industry Association of America . Hotel California is ranked 37th in Rolling Stones list of `` The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time '' and the band was ranked number 75 on the magazine 's 2004 list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .   The Eagles are one of the world 's best-selling bands of all time , having sold more than 150 million records -- 100 million in the U.S. alone -- including 42 million copies of Their Greatest Hits -LRB- 1971 -- 1975 -RRB- and 32 million copies of Hotel California . Their Greatest Hits -LRB- 1971 -- 1975 -RRB- was the best selling album of the 20th century in the U.S. . They are the fifth-highest-selling music act and the highest-selling American band in U.S. history .   The band released their debut album , Eagles , in 1972 , which spawned three top 40 singles : `` Take It Easy , '' `` Witchy Woman , '' and `` Peaceful Easy Feeling . '' Their next album , Desperado -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , was less successful than the first , only reaching number 41 on the charts ; neither of its singles reached the top 40 . However , the album does contain what would go on to be two of the band 's most popular tracks : `` Desperado '' and `` Tequila Sunrise . '' The band released On the Border in 1974 , adding guitarist Don Felder as the fifth member midway through the recording of the album . The album generated two top 40 singles : `` Already Gone '' and their first number one , `` Best of My Love . ''   Their 1975 album One of These Nights included three top 10 singles : `` One of These Nights , '' `` Lyin ' Eyes , '' and `` Take It to the Limit , '' the first hitting the top of the charts . Guitarist and vocalist , Joe Walsh , also joined the band in 1975 . The Eagles continued that success and hit their commercial peak in late 1976 with the release of Hotel California , which would go on to sell more than 16 million copies in the U.S. alone and more than 32 million copies worldwide . The album yielded two number-one singles , `` New Kid in Town '' and `` Hotel California . '' They released their last studio album for nearly 28 years in 1979 with The Long Run , which spawned three top 10 singles : `` Heartache Tonight , '' `` The Long Run , '' and `` I Ca n't Tell You Why , '' the lead single being another chart-topping hit .   The Eagles disbanded in July 1980 but reunited in 1994 for the album Hell Freezes Over , a mix of live and new studio tracks . They toured consistently and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998 . In 2007 , the Eagles released Long Road Out of Eden , their first full studio album in 28 years and their sixth number one album . The next year they launched the Long Road Out of Eden Tour in support of the album . In 2013 , they began the extended History of the Eagles Tour in conjunction with the band 's documentary release , History of the Eagles .   Following the death of Frey in January 2016 , Henley stated in several interviews that he did n't think the band would perform again . However , in March 2017 it was announced that the Eagles would be headlining two concerts in July 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Black Widow is Russian.", "evidence": "Black Widow -LRB- \u0427\u0451\u0440\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0432\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0430 , transliterated Chyornaya Vdova -RRB- -LRB- Natalia Alianovna `` Natasha '' Romanova , Russian : \u041d\u0430\u0442\u0430\u043b\u044c\u044f \u0410\u043b\u044c\u044f\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043d\u0430 '' \u041d\u0430\u0442\u0430\u0448\u0430 '' \u0420\u043e\u043c\u0430\u043d\u043e\u0432\u0430 , also known as Natasha Romanoff -RRB- is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee , scripter Don Rico , and artist Don Heck , the character first appeared in Tales of Suspense No. 52 -LRB- April 1964 -RRB- . The character was first introduced as a Russian spy , an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man . She later defected to the United States , becoming an agent of the fictional spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D. , and a member of the superhero team the Avengers .   Scarlett Johansson portrayed the character in the films Iron Man 2 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , The Avengers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Captain America : The Winter Soldier -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Avengers : Age of Ultron -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Captain America : Civil War -LRB- 2016 -RRB- as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Portugal is the 5th most peaceful country in the world and it also features a high-income advanced economy and the 18th highest social progress in the world.", "evidence": "Portugal -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- pu\u027etu\u02c8\u0263a\u026b -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Portuguese Republic -LRB- -LSB- Rep\u00fablica Portuguesa , links = no -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- \u0281\u0268 ` publik\u0250 pu\u027etu ' \u0263ez\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- In recognized minority languages of Portugal :  Rep\u00fablica Pertuesa is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe . To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain . The Portugal -- Spain border is 1214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union . The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments .   The territory of modern Portugal has been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The Pre-Celts , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples . Portugal as a country was born in the aftermath of the Christian Reconquista against the Moors who had invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 711 AD and occupied most of it ever since . Precipitated by the seminal event for its foundation , the Battle of S\u00e3o Mamede , where Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Theresa of Portugal and her lover Fern\u00e3o Peres de Trava , which established the nation 's sovereignty against rival neighbor kingdoms . Following S\u00e3o Mamede , the future king styled himself Prince of Portugal . He would be proclaimed King of Portugal in the Battle of Ourique in 1139 and was recognised as such by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143 .   In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers . During this time , Portuguese explorers pioneered maritime exploration in the Age of Discovery , notably under royal patronage of Prince Henry the Navigator and King Jo\u00e3o II , with such notable discoveries as Bartolomeu Dias 's reach of the Cape of Good Hope -LRB- 1488 -RRB- , the Vasco da Gama 's sea route to India -LRB- 1497 -- 98 -RRB- and the discovery of Brazil -LRB- 1500 -RRB- . Portugal monopolized the spice trade during this time , and the Portuguese Empire expanded with military campaigns led in Asia . But the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake , the country 's occupation during the Napoleonic Wars , the independence of Brazil -LRB- 1822 -RRB- , and the Liberal Wars -LRB- 1828 -- 34 -RRB- , all left Portugal crippled from war and diminished in its world power .   After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy , the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established , later being superseded by the Estado Novo right-wing authoritarian regime . Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974 . Shortly after , independence was granted to almost all its overseas territories . The handover of Macau to China in 1999 marked the end of the longest-lived colonial empire . Portugal has left a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today .   Portugal is a developed country with a high-income advanced economy and a high living standard . It is the 5th most peaceful country in the world , maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government . It has the 18th highest Social Progress in the world , putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France , Spain and Italy . A founding member of NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , it is also a member of numerous other international organizations , including the United Nations , the European Union , the eurozone , and the OECD .   Portugal is a pioneer when it comes to drug decriminalization , as the nation decriminalized the possession of all drugs for personal use in 2001 .   LGBT rights in Portugal have improved substantially in the past two decades and are now among the best in the world . Moreover , after years of investment and cooperation , Portugal marked a climax on renewable energy worldwide in 2016 , when it was powered for 107 consecutive hours exclusively by wind , sun , and water , which advocates say further shows fossil fuels are indeed replaceable .  Portugal -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- pu\u027etu\u02c8\u0263a\u026b -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Portuguese Republic -LRB- -LSB- Rep\u00fablica Portuguesa , links = no -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- \u0281\u0268 ` publik\u0250 pu\u027etu ' \u0263ez\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- In recognized minority languages of Portugal :  Rep\u00fablica Pertuesa is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe . To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain . The Portugal -- Spain border is 1214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union . The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments .   The territory of modern Portugal has been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The Pre-Celts , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples . Portugal as a country was born in the aftermath of the Christian Reconquista against the Moors who had invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 711 AD and occupied most of it ever since . Precipitated by the seminal event for its foundation , the Battle of S\u00e3o Mamede , where Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Theresa of Portugal and her lover Fern\u00e3o Peres de Trava , which established the nation 's sovereignty against rival neighbor kingdoms . Following S\u00e3o Mamede , the future king styled himself Prince of Portugal . He would be proclaimed King of Portugal in the Battle of Ourique in 1139 and was recognised as such by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143 .   In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers . During this time , Portuguese explorers pioneered maritime exploration in the Age of Discovery , notably under royal patronage of Prince Henry the Navigator and King Jo\u00e3o II , with such notable discoveries as Bartolomeu Dias 's reach of the Cape of Good Hope -LRB- 1488 -RRB- , the Vasco da Gama 's sea route to India -LRB- 1497 -- 98 -RRB- and the discovery of Brazil -LRB- 1500 -RRB- . Portugal monopolized the spice trade during this time , and the Portuguese Empire expanded with military campaigns led in Asia . But the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake , the country 's occupation during the Napoleonic Wars , the independence of Brazil -LRB- 1822 -RRB- , and the Liberal Wars -LRB- 1828 -- 34 -RRB- , all left Portugal crippled from war and diminished in its world power .   After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy , the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established , later being superseded by the Estado Novo right-wing authoritarian regime . Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974 . Shortly after , independence was granted to almost all its overseas territories . The handover of Macau to China in 1999 marked the end of the longest-lived colonial empire . Portugal has left a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today .   Portugal is a developed country with a high-income advanced economy and a high living standard . It is the 5th most peaceful country in the world , maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government . It has the 18th highest Social Progress in the world , putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France , Spain and Italy . A founding member of NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , it is also a member of numerous other international organizations , including the United Nations , the European Union , the eurozone , and the OECD .   Portugal is a pioneer when it comes to drug decriminalization , as the nation decriminalized the possession of all drugs for personal use in 2001 .   LGBT rights in Portugal have improved substantially in the past two decades and are now among the best in the world . Moreover , after years of investment and cooperation , Portugal marked a climax on renewable energy worldwide in 2016 , when it was powered for 107 consecutive hours exclusively by wind , sun , and water , which advocates say further shows fossil fuels are indeed replaceable .  Portugal -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- pu\u027etu\u02c8\u0263a\u026b -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Portuguese Republic -LRB- -LSB- Rep\u00fablica Portuguesa , links = no -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- \u0281\u0268 ` publik\u0250 pu\u027etu ' \u0263ez\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- In recognized minority languages of Portugal :  Rep\u00fablica Pertuesa is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe . To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain . The Portugal -- Spain border is 1214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union . The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments .   The territory of modern Portugal has been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The Pre-Celts , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples . Portugal as a country was born in the aftermath of the Christian Reconquista against the Moors who had invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 711 AD and occupied most of it ever since . Precipitated by the seminal event for its foundation , the Battle of S\u00e3o Mamede , where Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Theresa of Portugal and her lover Fern\u00e3o Peres de Trava , which established the nation 's sovereignty against rival neighbor kingdoms . Following S\u00e3o Mamede , the future king styled himself Prince of Portugal . He would be proclaimed King of Portugal in the Battle of Ourique in 1139 and was recognised as such by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143 .   In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers . During this time , Portuguese explorers pioneered maritime exploration in the Age of Discovery , notably under royal patronage of Prince Henry the Navigator and King Jo\u00e3o II , with such notable discoveries as Bartolomeu Dias 's reach of the Cape of Good Hope -LRB- 1488 -RRB- , the Vasco da Gama 's sea route to India -LRB- 1497 -- 98 -RRB- and the discovery of Brazil -LRB- 1500 -RRB- . Portugal monopolized the spice trade during this time , and the Portuguese Empire expanded with military campaigns led in Asia . But the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake , the country 's occupation during the Napoleonic Wars , the independence of Brazil -LRB- 1822 -RRB- , and the Liberal Wars -LRB- 1828 -- 34 -RRB- , all left Portugal crippled from war and diminished in its world power .   After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy , the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established , later being superseded by the Estado Novo right-wing authoritarian regime . Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974 . Shortly after , independence was granted to almost all its overseas territories . The handover of Macau to China in 1999 marked the end of the longest-lived colonial empire . Portugal has left a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today .   Portugal is a developed country with a high-income advanced economy and a high living standard . It is the 5th most peaceful country in the world , maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government . It has the 18th highest Social Progress in the world , putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France , Spain and Italy . A founding member of NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , it is also a member of numerous other international organizations , including the United Nations , the European Union , the eurozone , and the OECD .   Portugal is a pioneer when it comes to drug decriminalization , as the nation decriminalized the possession of all drugs for personal use in 2001 .   LGBT rights in Portugal have improved substantially in the past two decades and are now among the best in the world . Moreover , after years of investment and cooperation , Portugal marked a climax on renewable energy worldwide in 2016 , when it was powered for 107 consecutive hours exclusively by wind , sun , and water , which advocates say further shows fossil fuels are indeed replaceable .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A temperate seasonal climate influences Berlin.", "evidence": "Berlin -LRB- -LSB- b\u0259\u0279\u02c8l\u026an -RSB- , -LSB- b\u025b\u0250\u032f\u02c8li\u02d0n -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its 16 constituent states . With a population of approximately 3.7 million , Berlin is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union . Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of the rivers Spree and Havel , it is the centre of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region , which has roughly 6 million residents from more than 180 nations . Due to its location in the European Plain , Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate . Around one-third of the city 's area is composed of forests , parks , gardens , rivers , canals and lakes .   First documented in the 13th century and situated at the crossing of two important historic trade routes , Berlin became the capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg -LRB- 14171701 -RRB- , the Kingdom of Prussia -LRB- 1701 -- 1918 -RRB- , the German Empire -LRB- 1871 -- 1918 -RRB- , the Weimar Republic -LRB- 1919 -- 1933 -RRB- and the Third Reich -LRB- 1933 -- 1945 -RRB- . Berlin in the 1920s was the third largest municipality in the world . After World War II and its subsequent occupation by the victorious countries , the city was divided ; East Berlin was declared capital of East Germany , while West Berlin became a de facto West German exclave , surrounded by the Berlin Wall -LRB- 1961 -- 1989 -RRB- and East German territory . Following German reunification in 1990 , Berlin once again became the capital of all-Germany .   Berlin is a world city of culture , politics , media and science . Its economy is based on high-tech firms and the service sector , encompassing a diverse range of creative industries , research facilities , media corporations and convention venues . Berlin serves as a continental hub for air and rail traffic and has a highly complex public transportation network . The metropolis is a popular tourist destination . Significant industries also include IT , pharmaceuticals , biomedical engineering , clean tech , biotechnology , construction and electronics .   Modern Berlin is home to world renowned universities , orchestras , museums , entertainment venues and is host to many sporting events . Its urban setting has made it a sought-after location for international film productions . The city is well known for its festivals , diverse architecture , nightlife , contemporary arts and a high quality of living . Since the 2000s Berlin has seen the emergence of a cosmopolitan entrepreneurial scene .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Twitter had about 1.6 billion search queries per day in 2012.", "evidence": "Twitter -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8tw\u026at\u0259r -RSB- -RRB- is an online news and social networking service where users post and interact with messages , `` tweets '' , restricted to 140 characters . Registered users can post tweets , but those who are unregistered can only read them . Users access Twitter through its website interface , SMS or a mobile device app . Twitter Inc. is based in San Francisco , California , United States , and has more than 25 offices around the world .   Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey , Noah Glass , Biz Stone , and Evan Williams and launched in July . The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity . In 2012 , more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day , and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day . In 2013 , it was one of the ten most-visited websites and has been described as `` the SMS of the Internet '' . As of 2016 , Twitter had more than 319 million monthly active users . On the day of the 2016 U.S. presidential election , Twitter proved to be the largest source of breaking news , with 40 million election-related tweets sent by 10 p.m. -LRB- Eastern Time -RRB- that day .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ramadan is the ninth calendar month in Islam.", "evidence": "Ramadan -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccr\u00e6m\u0259\u02c8d\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- \u0631\u0645\u0636\u0627\u0646 , -LSB- rama\u02c8d\u02e4a\u02d0n -RSB- ; In Arabic phonology , it can be -LSB- -LSB- r\u0251m\u0251\u02c8d\u02e4\u0251\u02d0n , ramad\u02e4\u0251\u02d0n , r\u00e6m\u00e6\u02c8d\u02e4\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- -RSB- , depending on the region . also romanized as Ramazan , Ramadhan , or Ramathan -RRB- is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar , and is observed by Muslims worldwide as a month of fasting -LRB- Sawm -RRB- to commemorate the first revelation of the Quran to Muhammad according to Islamic belief . This annual observance is regarded as one of the Five Pillars of Islam . The month lasts 29 -- 30 days based on the visual sightings of the crescent moon , according to numerous biographical accounts compiled in the hadiths .   The word Ramadan comes from the Arabic root rami\u1e0da or ar-rama\u1e0d , which means scorching heat or dryness . Fasting is fardh -LRB- obligatory -RRB- for adult Muslims , except those who are suffering from an illness , travelling , are elderly , pregnant , breastfeeding , diabetic , chronically ill or going through menstrual bleeding . Fasting the month of Ramadan was made obligatory -LRB- w\u0101jib -RRB- during the month of Sha ` ban , in the second year after the Muslims migrated from Mecca to Medina . Fatwas have been issued declaring that Muslims who live in regions with a natural phenomenon such as the midnight sun or polar night should follow the timetable of Mecca , but the more commonly accepted opinion is that Muslims in those areas should follow the timetable of the closest country to them in which night can be distinguished from day .   While fasting from dawn until sunset , Muslims refrain from consuming food , drinking liquids , smoking , and engaging in sexual relations . Muslims are also instructed to refrain from sinful behavior that may negate the reward of fasting , such as false speech -LRB- insulting , backbiting , cursing , lying , etc. -RRB- and fighting except in self-defense . Food and drinks are served daily , before dawn and after sunset , referred to as Suhoor and Iftar respectively . Spiritual rewards -LRB- thawab -RRB- for fasting are also believed to be multiplied within the month of Ramadan . Fasting for Muslims during Ramadan typically includes the increased offering of salat -LRB- prayers -RRB- , recitation of the Quran and an increase of doing good deeds and charity .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The self-empowerment of the LGBT community is discussed in Born This Way.", "evidence": "`` Born This Way '' is a song by American singer Lady Gaga , and the lead single from her second studio album of the same name . Written by Gaga and Jeppe Laursen , who produced it along with Fernando Garibay and DJ White Shadow , the track was developed while Gaga was on the road with The Monster Ball Tour . Inspired by 1990s music which empowered women and the gay community , Gaga explained that `` Born This Way '' was her freedom song . She sang part of the chorus at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards in 2010 and announced the song as the lead single from the album , released on February 11 , 2011 .   The record is backed by rumbling synth sounds , a humming bass and additional chorus percussion , with sole organ toward the end . The lyrics discuss the self-empowerment of minorities including the LGBT community as well as racial minorities , referring to `` cholas '' and `` orients '' , which drew criticism from Latino and Asian communities . Critics positively reviewed the song , calling it a `` club-ready anthem '' , though it faced criticism for having similarities with Madonna 's 1989 single `` Express Yourself '' . The song reached number one in over 25 countries and was her third single to top the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and the 1,000 th song in that chart 's history -LRB- since 1958 -RRB- to reach number one . `` Born This Way '' has sold 8.2 million copies worldwide , becoming one of the best-selling singles of all time .   Nick Knight directed the accompanying music video , which was inspired by surrealist painters like Salvador Dal\u00ed and Francis Bacon . Gaga is depicted as giving birth to a new race during a prologue . After a series of dance sequences , the video concludes with the view of a city populated by this race . Critics noted the video 's references to the work of Madonna , Michael Jackson , Bj\u00f6rk , and the late fashion designer Alexander McQueen , as well as to Greek mythology and surrealism .   Gaga performed the song at the 53rd Grammy Awards after coming out of an incubating vessel . It was also performed during the last leg of The Monster Ball Tour and on television shows such as Saturday Night Live , Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve and Good Morning America . The song was treated with different remixes , including a `` Country Road '' version recorded by Gaga herself and another by Indian production duo Salim-Sulaiman . Alice Cooper , Madonna , Katy Perry , Maria Aragon , and the cast of the TV series Glee have covered the song .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mao Zedong lived until 1976.", "evidence": "Mao Zedong or Mao Tse-tung -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ma\u028a_dz\u0259\u02c8d\u028a\u014b , _ z\u0259 - , _ - d\u0252\u014b -RSB- December 26 , 1893September 9 , 1976 -RRB- , also known as Chairman Mao , was a Chinese communist revolutionary and founding father of the People 's Republic of China , which he governed as the Chairman of the Communist Party of China from its establishment in 1949 , until his death in 1976 . His Marxist -- Leninist theories , military strategies , and political policies are collectively known as Maoism or Marxism-Leninism-Maoism .   Born the son of a wealthy farmer in Shaoshan , Hunan , Mao adopted a Chinese nationalist and anti-imperialist outlook in early life , particularly influenced by the events of the Xinhai Revolution of 1911 and May Fourth Movement of 1919 . Mao adopted Marxism -- Leninism while working at Peking University and became a founding member of the Communist Party of China -LRB- CPC -RRB- , leading the Autumn Harvest Uprising in 1927 . During the Chinese Civil War between the Kuomintang -LRB- KMT -RRB- and the CPC , Mao helped to found the Chinese Workers ' and Peasants ' Red Army , led the Jiangxi Soviet 's radical land policies and ultimately became head of the CPC during the Long March . Although the CPC temporarily allied with the KMT under the United Front during the Second Sino-Japanese War -LRB- 1937 -- 45 -RRB- , after Japan 's defeat China 's civil war resumed and in 1949 Mao 's forces defeated the Nationalists who withdrew to Taiwan .   On 1 October 1949 , Mao proclaimed the foundation of the People 's Republic of China -LRB- PRC -RRB- , a one-party state controlled by the CPC . In the following years Mao solidified his control through a campaign of classicide against landlords , and a mass purge of perceived enemies of the state he termed as `` counter-revolutionaries '' alleged to have caused between 2,000,000 to 6,000,000 deaths . -LRB- Mao himself admitting 800,000 deaths in the classicide and 712,000 in the suppression of Counterrevolutionaries -RRB- In 1957 , he launched the Great Leap Forward campaign that aimed to rapidly transform China 's economy from an agrarian economy to an industrial one . The campaign contributed to a widespread famine , whose death toll is estimated at between 15,000,000 and 55,000,000 . In 1966 , he initiated the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution , a program to remove `` counter-revolutionary '' elements of Chinese society that lasted 10 years and which was marked by violent class struggle that killed 400,000 to 10,000,000 people , widespread destruction of cultural artifacts and unprecedented elevation of Mao 's personality cult . In 1972 , Mao welcomed American President Richard Nixon in Beijing , signalling a policy of opening China , which was furthered under the rule of Deng Xiaoping -LRB- 1978 -- 1992 -RRB- . Mao suffered a series of heart attacks in 1976 , and died in September , aged 82 . He was succeeded as Paramount leader by Hua Guofeng -LRB- 1976 -- 1978 -RRB- , who was quickly sidelined and replaced by Deng .   A controversial figure , Mao is regarded as one of the most important individuals in modern world history , and is also known as a theorist , military strategist , poet and visionary . Supporters credit him with driving imperialism out of China , modernising China and building it into a world power , promoting the status of women , improving education and health care , and increasing life expectancy as China 's population grew from around 550 million to over 900 million under his leadership . In contrast , critics consider him a dictator comparable to Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin who damaged traditional Chinese culture , as well as considering him a perpetrator of human rights abuses , and they estimate that Mao was responsible for 40 to 70 million deaths through starvation , prison labour and executions , which would rank his tenure as the top incidence of excess mortality in human history .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.", "evidence": "The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the third and final installment in The Hangover trilogy . The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong . The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Tambor , Heather Graham , Mike Epps , Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin . The film follows the `` Wolfpack '' -LRB- Phil , Stu , Doug , and Alan -RRB- as they try to get Alan the help he needs after facing a personal crisis . However , things go awry when an incident from the original film comes back to haunt them .   The Hangover Part III was announced days before the release of The Hangover Part II and Mazin , who co-wrote Part II , was brought on board . In January 2012 , the principal actors re-signed to star . In March 2012 , Warner Bros. announced a U.S. Memorial Weekend release . The supporting roles were cast between June and September 2012 . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Los Angeles , California before moving to Nogales , Arizona and Las Vegas , Nevada . The film was released on May 23 , 2013 .  The Hangover Part III is a 2013 American comedy film produced by Legendary Pictures and distributed by Warner Bros. . Pictures . It is the third and final installment in The Hangover trilogy . The film stars Bradley Cooper , Ed Helms , Zach Galifianakis , Justin Bartha , and Ken Jeong . The supporting cast includes Jeffrey Tambor , Heather Graham , Mike Epps , Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman with Todd Phillips directing a screenplay written by himself and Craig Mazin . The film follows the `` Wolfpack '' -LRB- Phil , Stu , Doug , and Alan -RRB- as they try to get Alan the help he needs after facing a personal crisis . However , things go awry when an incident from the original film comes back to haunt them .   The Hangover Part III was announced days before the release of The Hangover Part II and Mazin , who co-wrote Part II , was brought on board . In January 2012 , the principal actors re-signed to star . In March 2012 , Warner Bros. announced a U.S. Memorial Weekend release . The supporting roles were cast between June and September 2012 . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Los Angeles , California before moving to Nogales , Arizona and Las Vegas , Nevada . The film was released on May 23 , 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Steven Tyler was active in the early 1980s.", "evidence": "Steven Tyler -LRB- born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and former television music competition judge , best known as the lead singer of the Boston-based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion . He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range . He is also known for his on-stage acrobatics . During his high-energy performances , Tyler usually dresses in bright , colorful outfits with his trademark scarves hanging from his microphone stand .   In the 1970s , Tyler rose to prominence as the lead singer of Aerosmith , which released such milestone hard rock albums as Toys in the Attic and Rocks , along with a string of hit singles , including `` Dream On '' , `` Sweet Emotion '' and `` Walk This Way '' . In the late 1970s and early 1980s , Tyler had a heavy drug and alcohol addiction and the band 's popularity waned . Tyler and bandmate Joe Perry became known as the `` Toxic Twins '' due to their drug abuse . In 1986 , Tyler completed drug rehabilitation and Aerosmith rose to prominence again when Tyler and Perry joined Run -- D.M.C. for a re-make of the classic Aerosmith song `` Walk This Way '' , which became a Top 5 hit . Aerosmith subsequently launched a remarkable comeback with the multi-platinum albums Permanent Vacation , Pump , Get a Grip and Nine Lives , which produced a combined thirteen Top 40 singles and won the band numerous awards . During this time , the band embarked on their longest and most extensive concert tours , promoted their singles with conceptual music videos and made notable appearances in television , film and video games .   In the wake of this success , Tyler emerged as one of the most enduring rock icons . Since the late 1980s , he has embarked on several solo endeavors including guest appearances on other artists ' music -LRB- working with artists as diverse as Alice Cooper , M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce , Santana , Pink and Keith Anderson -RRB- , film and TV roles -LRB- including as a judge on American Idol and several cameo and guest appearances in other programs and films -RRB- , authoring a bestselling book and solo work -LRB- including the Top 40 hit single '' -LRB- It -RRB- Feels So Good '' in 2011 -RRB- . While tension with his Aerosmith bandmates boiled in 2009 and 2010 after he fell off the stage at a concert , had a relapse with prescription drugs -LRB- which he successfully received treatment for in 2009 -RRB- , and signed on to American Idol without telling his bandmates , Tyler has continued to record music and perform with Aerosmith , after more than 46 years in the band . In May 2015 , Tyler released the country single `` Love Is Your Name '' , followed by the second single `` Red , White & You '' in January 2016 ; his debut solo album , We 're All Somebody from Somewhere , was released on July 15 , 2016 .   Tyler is included among Rolling Stone 's 100 Greatest Singers . He was ranked third on Hit Parader 's Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time . In 2001 , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with Aerosmith and in 2013 , Tyler and his songwriting partner Joe Perry received the ASCAP Founders Award and were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Wikipedia has articles in only english.", "evidence": "Wikipedia -LRB- -LSB- w\u026aki\u02c8pi\u02d0di\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- is a free online encyclopedia with the aim to allow anyone to edit articles . Wikipedia is the largest and most popular general reference work on the Internet and is ranked among the ten most popular websites . Wikipedia is owned by the nonprofit Wikimedia Foundation .   Wikipedia was launched on January 15 , 2001 , by Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger . Sanger coined Wikipedia , a portmanteau of wiki and encyclopedia . There was only the English language version initially , but it quickly developed similar versions in other languages , which differ in content and in editing practices . With articles , the English Wikipedia is the largest of the more than 290 Wikipedia encyclopedias . Overall , Wikipedia consists of more than 40 million articles in more than 250 different languages and , , it had 18 billion page views and nearly 500 million unique visitors each month .   As of March 2017 , Wikipedia has about forty thousand high-quality articles known as Featured Articles and Good Articles that cover vital topics . In 2005 , Nature published a peer review comparing 42 science articles from Encyclop\u00e6dia Britannica and Wikipedia , and found that Wikipedia 's level of accuracy approached Encyclop\u00e6dia Britannicas . Criticism of Wikipedia includes claims that it exhibits systemic bias , presents a mixture of `` truths , half truths , and some falsehoods '' , and that , in controversial topics , it is subject to manipulation and spin .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ellyse Perry is a man.", "evidence": "Ellyse Alexandra Perry -LRB- born 3 November 1990 -RRB- is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women 's national soccer team at the age of 16 . She played her first cricket international in July 2007 before earning her first soccer cap for Australia a month later . Perry is the youngest person to represent Australia in cricket and the first Australian to have appeared in both cricket and soccer World Cups .   Perry was fast-tracked to make her One Day International -LRB- ODI -RRB- debut for Australia against New Zealand , three months before playing a single match for her state New South Wales in the Women 's National Cricket League -LRB- WNCL -RRB- . In 2007 -- 08 , she made her debut for New South Wales and won the WNCL with them , and at the end of the season , she made her Test debut in Bowral against England . During the season , she was the player of the match in her Twenty20 international debut against England , and made her maiden ODI half-century against New Zealand .   Perry took 4/23 in the final of the 2008 -- 09 WNCL to help New South Wales defend their title . She then took nine wickets as Australia came fourth in the 2009 World Cup held in Australia . She was ineffective during the 2009 ICC Women 's World Twenty20 in England , taking only two wickets in Australia 's four matches .   In 2009 -- 10 , Perry took 22 wickets and scored 148 runs as New South Wales won the WNCL again . She then took 18 wickets in 10 ODIs against New Zealand at the end of the season , as the Australians won all the matches . During these matches , Perry took her maiden five-wicket ODI haul . Perry played in each of Australia 's matches at the 2010 World Twenty20 in the West Indies , taking 3/18 and being named player of the match in the final as Australia defeated New Zealand by three runs to claim the title .   A defender , Perry represented Australia at the 2008 Asian Cup , and scored in one of the matches . She played for the Central Coast Mariners in the Australian W-League during the 2008 -- 09 season , before transferring to Canberra United the following year . In June 2010 , Perry began her media career by hosting the soccer-related show Football Stars of Tomorrow , screened on the digital sports channel One HD .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "American Idiot has not had five successful singles.", "evidence": "American Idiot is the seventh studio album by American rock band Green Day . Produced by Rob Cavallo , the album was released in the UK on September 20 , 2004 and in the US on September 21 , 2004 by Reprise Records . Green Day first achieved popularity in the 1990s with a string of successful albums . Following disappointing sales of their sixth album , Warning -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , the band took a break before recording their next album , titled Cigarettes and Valentines . The recording process was cut short when the album 's master tapes were stolen . Rather than re-record that material , the group decided to start over .   A concept album and the world 's first `` punk rock opera , '' American Idiot follows the story of Jesus of Suburbia , an adolescent anti-hero who is divided between `` rage and love . '' Through its plot , the album expresses the disillusionment and dissent of a generation that came of age in a period shaped by many tumultuous events like the Iraq War . The album was inspired by several musicals and the work of The Who . Recording of American Idiot was split between two California studios between 2003 and 2004 . Its album art depicts a heart-shaped hand grenade .   American Idiot marked a career comeback for Green Day following a period of decreased success . It charted in 27 countries , peaking at number one in 19 , and eventually sold 16 million copies worldwide . The album spawned five successful singles : `` American Idiot '' , `` Boulevard of Broken Dreams '' , `` Holiday '' , `` Wake Me Up When September Ends '' and `` Jesus of Suburbia '' . American Idiot was well received critically and won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album in 2005 . Its success inspired a Broadway musical and an incomplete feature film adaptation . It has been praised in the years following its release , appearing on several year-end and decade-end lists .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Wyatt Earp was an actor.", "evidence": "Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp -LRB- March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 -RRB- was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys . He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .   Earp lived a restless life . He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee . Earp spent his early life in Iowa . In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born . During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' . His third arrest was subject of a lengthy account in the `` Daily Transcript '' which referred to him as an `` old offender '' and nicknamed him the `` Peoria Bummer '' .   By 1874 he had arrived in the cattle boomtown of Wichita , Kansas where his brother had opened a brothel . On April 21 , 1875 he was appointed to the Wichita police force , and developed a solid reputation as a lawman . In April 1876 he was dismissed from his position as a lawman following an altercation with a political opponent of his boss which led to him being fined $ 30 . In 1876 , he followed his brother James to Dodge City , Kansas , where he became an assistant city marshal . In winter 1878 , he went to Texas to track down an outlaw and met John `` Doc '' Holliday , whom Earp later credited with saving his life .   Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another . He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway . There , the Earps clashed with a loose federation of outlaws known as the Cowboys . Wyatt , Virgil , and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury , and Ike and Billy Clanton , who threatened on several occasions to kill the Earps . The conflict escalated over the next year , culminating on October 26 , 1881 in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the Cowboys . In the next five months , Virgil was ambushed and maimed , and Morgan was assassinated . Pursuing a vendetta , Wyatt , his brother Warren , Holliday , and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible . Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights in which he took part , unlike his brothers Virgil and James , or his friend , Doc Holliday , which only added to his mystique after his death .   Earp was a lifelong gambler and was always looking for a quick way to make money . After leaving Tombstone , Earp went to San Francisco where he reunited with Josephine Earp . She became his common-law wife . They joined a gold rush to Eagle City , Idaho , where they owned mining interests and a saloon . They left there to race horses and open a saloon during a real estate boom in San Diego , California . Back in San Francisco , Wyatt raced horses again , but his reputation suffered irreparably when he refereed the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey boxing match and called a foul that led many to believe that he fixed the fight . They moved briefly to Yuma , Arizona before joining the Nome Gold Rush in 1899 . In partnership with Charlie Hoxie they opened a two-story saloon called the Dexter and made an estimated $ 80,000 -LRB- about $ 2 million in 2017 dollars -RRB- . Returning to the lower 48 , they opened another saloon in Tonopah , Nevada , the site of a new gold find . In about 1911 , Earp began working several mining claims in Vidal , California , retiring in the hot summers with Josephine to Los Angeles .   Wyatt Earp died on January 13 , 1929 . He was known as a Western lawman , gunfighter , and boxing referee . He had a notorious reputation for both his handling of the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey fight and his role in the O.K. Corral gunfight . This only began to change after his death when an extremely flattering biography was published in 1931 . It became a bestseller and created his reputation as a fearless lawman . Since then , Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films , TV shows , biographies , and works of fiction that have increased his notoriety . He did , however , live to see himself being portrayed in the film Wild Bill Hickok , released in 1923 . Long after his death , he has many devoted detractors and admirers . Earp 's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West 's `` toughest and deadliest gunman of his day . ''  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Toronto is the least populous city in Canada.", "evidence": "Toronto is the most populous city in Canada and the provincial capital of Ontario . With a population of 2,731,571 , it is the fourth most populous city in North America after Mexico City , New York City , and Los Angeles . Toronto is the centre of the Greater Toronto Area -LRB- GTA -RRB- , the most populous metropolitan area in Canada , and anchors the Golden Horseshoe , a heavily urbanized region that is home to 9.2 million people , or over 26 % of the population of Canada . A global city , Toronto is an international centre of business , finance , arts , and culture , and is recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world .   Aboriginal peoples have inhabited the area now known as Toronto for thousands of years . The city itself is situated on the southern terminus of an ancient Aboriginal trail leading north to Lake Simcoe , used by the Wyandot , Iroquois , and the Mississauga . Permanent European settlement began in the 1790s , after the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase of 1787 , when the Mississaugas surrendered the area to the British Crown . The British established the town of York , and later designated it as the capital of Upper Canada . During the War of 1812 , the town was the site of the Battle of York and suffered heavy damage by U.S. troops . York was renamed and incorporated as the city of Toronto in 1834 , and became the capital of the province of Ontario during Canadian Confederation in 1867 . The city proper has since expanded past its original borders through amalgamation with surrounding municipalities at various times in its history to its current area of 630.2 km2 .   Located in Southern Ontario on the northwestern shore of Lake Ontario , Toronto is situated on a broad sloping plateau intersected by an extensive network of rivers , deep ravines , and urban forest , with 140 independently unique and clearly defined official neighbourhoods making up the city . The diverse population of Toronto reflects its current and historical role as an important destination for immigrants to Canada , with nearly 50 % of residents belonging to a visible minority population group , and over 200 distinct ethnic origins represented among its inhabitants . While the majority of Torontonians speak English as their primary language , there are over 160 different languages spoken in the city .   Toronto is a prominent centre for music , theatre , motion picture production , and television production , and is home to the headquarters of Canada 's major national broadcast networks and media outlets . Its varied cultural institutions , which include numerous museums and galleries , festivals and public events , entertainment districts , national historic sites , and sports activities , attract over 25 million tourists each year . Toronto is known for its many skyscrapers and high-rise buildings , in particular the tallest free-standing structure in the Western Hemisphere , the CN Tower . As Canada 's commercial capital , the city is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange , the headquarters of Canada 's five largest banks , and the headquarters of many large Canadian and multinational corporations . Its economy is highly diversified with strengths in technology , design , financial services , life sciences , education , arts , fashion , business services , environmental innovation , food services , and tourism .  Ontario -LRB- -LSB- \u0252n\u02c8t\u025b\u0259rio\u028a -RSB- -LSB- \u0254\u0303ta\u0281jo -RSB- -RRB- , one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada , is located in east-central Canada . It is Canada 's most populous province by a large margin , accounting for nearly 40 percent of all Canadians , and is the second-largest province in total area . Ontario is fourth-largest in total area when the territories of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut are included . It is home to the nation 's capital city , Ottawa , and the nation 's most populous city , Toronto .   Ontario is bordered by the province of Manitoba to the west , Hudson Bay and James Bay to the north , and Quebec to the east and northeast , and to the south by the U.S. states of -LRB- from west to east -RRB- Minnesota , Michigan , Ohio , Pennsylvania and New York . Almost all of Ontario 's 2700 km border with the United States follows inland waterways : from the west at Lake of the Woods , eastward along the major rivers and lakes of the Great Lakes/Saint Lawrence River drainage system . These are the Rainy River , the Pigeon River , Lake Superior , the St. Marys River , Lake Huron , the St. Clair River , Lake St. Clair , the Detroit River , Lake Erie , the Niagara River , Lake Ontario and along the St. Lawrence River from Kingston , Ontario , to the Quebec boundary just east of Cornwall , Ontario . There is only about 1 km of land border made up of portages including Height of Land Portage on the Minnesota border .   Ontario is sometimes conceptually divided into two regions , Northern Ontario and Southern Ontario . The great majority of Ontario 's population and arable land is located in the south . In contrast , the larger , northern part of Ontario is sparsely populated with cold winters and is heavily forested .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Paul is Steve Jobs' middle name.", "evidence": "Steven Paul Jobs -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u0292\u0252bz -RSB- February 24 , 1955 -- October 5 , 2011 -RRB- was an American entrepreneur , businessman , inventor , and industrial designer . He was the co-founder , chairman , and chief executive officer -LRB- CEO -RRB- of Apple Inc. ; CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar ; a member of The Walt Disney Company 's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar ; and founder , chairman , and CEO of NeXT . Jobs and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak are widely recognized as pioneers of the microcomputer revolution of the 1970s and 1980s .   Jobs was born in San Francisco to Syrian parents who had to put him up for adoption at birth ; he was raised in the San Francisco Bay Area during the 1960s . Jobs briefly attended Reed College in 1972 before dropping out . He then decided to travel through India in 1974 seeking enlightenment and studying Zen Buddhism . Jobs 's declassified FBI report stated that an acquaintance knew that Jobs had used the illegal drugs marijuana and LSD while he was in college . Jobs once told a reporter that taking LSD was `` one of the two or three most important things '' he did in his life .   Jobs and Wozniak co-founded Apple in 1976 to sell Wozniak 's Apple I personal computer . The visionaries gained fame and wealth a year later for the Apple II , one of the first highly successful mass-produced personal computers . In 1979 , after a tour of PARC , Jobs saw the commercial potential of the Xerox Alto , which was mouse-driven and had a graphical user interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- . This led to development of the unsuccessful Apple Lisa in 1983 , followed by the breakthrough Macintosh in 1984 . In addition to being the first mass-produced computer with a GUI , the Macintosh introduced the sudden rise of the desktop publishing industry in 1985 with the addition of the Apple LaserWriter , the first laser printer to feature vector graphics . Following a long power struggle , Jobs was forced out of Apple in 1985 .   After leaving Apple , Jobs took a few of its members with him to found NeXT , a computer platform development company specializing in state-of-the-art computers for higher-education and business markets . In addition , Jobs helped to initiate the development of the visual effects industry when he funded the spinout of the computer graphics division of George Lucas 's Lucasfilm in 1986 . The new company , Pixar , would eventually produce the first fully computer-animated film , Toy Story -- an event made possible in part because of Jobs 's financial support .   In 1997 , Apple merged with NeXT . Within a few months of the merger , Jobs became CEO of his former company , reviving Apple at the verge of bankruptcy . Beginning in 1997 with the `` Think different '' advertising campaign , Jobs worked closely with designer Jonathan Ive to develop a line of products that would have larger cultural ramifications : the iMac , iTunes and iTunes Store , Apple Store , iPod , iPhone , App Store , and the iPad . Mac OS was also revamped into OS X -LRB- renamed `` macOS '' in 2016 -RRB- , based on NeXT 's NeXTSTEP platform .   Jobs was diagnosed with a pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor in 2003 and died on October 5 , 2011 , of respiratory arrest related to the tumor .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Destiny was released for the console Playstation 4.", "evidence": "Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision . It was released worldwide on September 9 , 2014 , for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One consoles . Destiny marked Bungie 's first new console franchise since the Halo series , and it is the first game in a ten-year agreement between Bungie and Activision . Set in a `` mythic science fiction '' world , the game features a multiplayer `` shared-world '' environment with elements of role-playing games . Activities in Destiny are divided among player versus environment -LRB- PvE -RRB- and player versus player -LRB- PvP -RRB- game types . In addition to normal story missions , PvE features three-player `` strikes '' and six-player raids . A free roam patrol mode is also available for each planet and features public events . PvP features objective-based modes , as well as traditional deathmatch game modes .   Players take on the role of a Guardian , protectors of Earth 's last safe city as they wield a power called Light to protect the City from different alien races . Guardians are tasked with reviving a celestial being called the Traveler , while journeying to different planets to investigate and destroy the alien threats before humanity is completely wiped out . Bungie released four expansion packs , furthering the story , and adding new content , missions , and new PvP modes . Year One of Destiny featured two small expansions , The Dark Below in December 2014 and House of Wolves in May 2015 . A third , larger expansion , The Taken King , was released in September 2015 and marked the beginning of Year Two , changing much of the core gameplay . In December 2015 , Destiny shifted to an event-based model , featuring more limited-time events . A new , large expansion called Rise of Iron was released in September 2016 , beginning Year Three . Rise of Iron was only released for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One ; PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 clients subsequently stopped receiving updates . A full sequel , Destiny 2 , is scheduled for September 2017 .   Upon its release , Destiny received mixed to positive reviews with criticism centered mostly around the game 's storyline and post-campaign content . The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences . On day one of its release , it sold over US$ 500 million at retail , making it the biggest new franchise launch of all time . It was GamesRadar 's 2014 Game of the Year and it received the BAFTA Award for Best Game at the 2014 British Academy Video Games Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Heather Graham played the title character in the series Emily's Reasons Why Not in 2010.", "evidence": "Heather Joan Graham -LRB- born January 29 , 1970 -RRB- is an American actress . After appearing in television commercials , her first starring role in a feature film came with the teen comedy License to Drive -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , followed by the critically acclaimed film Drugstore Cowboy -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , which gained her initial industry notice . She then played supporting roles in films such as Shout -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Diggstown -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Six Degrees of Separation -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Swingers -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and on the television series Twin Peaks -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and its prequel film Fire Walk with Me -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , before gaining critical praise in Paul Thomas Anderson 's Boogie Nights -LRB- 1997 -RRB- as porn starlet Brandy / Rollergirl . In 1999 , she co-starred in Bowfinger and Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me .   In the 2000s , Graham starred in films Committed -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Say It Is n't So -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Mary -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Gray Matters -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , The Hangover -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and its sequel , The Hangover Part III -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . She also had a role on the television series Scrubs in 2004 , before playing the title character on the short-lived series Emily 's Reasons Why Not in 2006 . She also had recurring roles on Showtime 's Californication -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Netflix 's Flaked -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   Noted for portraying characters with vast sex appeal , she often appears in magazine lists of `` Most Beautiful '' and `` Sexiest '' women .  Graham is a public advocate for Children International , and supported the climate change campaign Global Cool in 2007 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Battle Studies World Tour was a global tour.", "evidence": "Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour by American singer John Mayer . The tour spanned across the United States , Canada , Denmark , Australia , and the Netherlands , promoting his 2009 album Battle Studies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Samuel L. Jackson was in the M. Night Shyamalan film Unbreakable.", "evidence": "Samuel Leroy Jackson -LRB- born December 21 , 1948 -RRB- is an American actor and film producer . He achieved prominence and critical acclaim in the early 1990s with films such as Jungle Fever -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Patriot Games -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Amos & Andrew -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , True Romance -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , Jurassic Park -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and his collaborations with director Quentin Tarantino including Pulp Fiction -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Django Unchained -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and The Hateful Eight -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He is a highly prolific actor , having appeared in over 100 films , including Die Hard with a Vengeance -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Unbreakable -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Shaft -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , The 51st State -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Black Snake Moan -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Snakes on a Plane -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and the Star Wars prequel trilogy -LRB- 1999 -- 2005 -RRB- , as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe .   With Jackson 's permission , his likeness was used for the Ultimate version of the Marvel Comics character Nick Fury . He later cameoed as the character in a post-credits scene from Iron Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and went on to sign a nine-film commitment to reprise this role in future films , including major roles in Iron Man 2 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Marvel 's The Avengers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Captain America : The Winter Soldier -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Avengers : Age of Ultron -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and minor roles in Thor -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Captain America : The First Avenger -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . He has also portrayed the character in the second and final episodes of the first season of the TV show Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. .   He has provided his voice to several animated films , television series and video games , including the roles of Lucius Best / Frozone in Pixar Animation Studios ' film The Incredibles -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Mace Windu in Star Wars : The Clone Wars -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Afro Samurai in the anime television series Afro Samurai -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and Frank Tenpenny in the video game Grand Theft Auto : San Andreas -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .   Jackson has achieved critical and commercial acclaim , surpassing Frank Welker as the actor with the highest-grossing film total of all time in October 2011 , and he has received numerous accolades and awards . He is married to LaTanya Richardson , with whom he has a daughter , Zoe . Samuel L. Jackson is ranked as the highest all-time box office star with over $ 4.9053 billion total box office gross , an average of $ 69.1 million per film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Singapore is south of Indonesia.", "evidence": "Singapore -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8s\u026a\u014bg\u0259p\u0254r -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Singapore , sometimes referred to as the Lion City , the Garden City or the Little Red Dot , is a sovereign city-state in Southeast Asia . It lies one degree -LRB- 137 km -RRB- north of the equator , at the southern tip of peninsular Malaysia , with Indonesia 's Riau Islands to the south . Singapore 's territory consists of one main island along with 62 other islets . Since independence , extensive land reclamation has increased its total size by 23 % -LRB- 130 km2 -RRB- , and its greening policy has covered the densely populated island with tropical flora , parks and gardens .   Stamford Raffles founded colonial Singapore in 1819 as a trading post of the East India Company ; after its collapse and the eventual establishment of the British Raj , the islands were ceded to Britain and became part of its Straits Settlements in 1826 . During the Second World War , Singapore was occupied by Japan . It gained independence from the UK in 1963 by federating with other former British territories to form Malaysia , but separated two years later over ideological differences , becoming a sovereign nation in 1965 . After early years of turbulence , and despite lacking natural resources and a hinterland , the nation developed rapidly as an Asian Tiger economy , based on external trade and its workforce .   Singapore is a global commerce , finance and transport hub . Its standings include : the most `` technology-ready '' nation -LRB- WEF -RRB- , top International-meetings city -LRB- UIA -RRB- , city with `` best investment potential '' -LRB- BERI -RRB- , second-most competitive country , third-largest foreign exchange market , third-largest financial centre , third-largest oil refining and trading centre , and the second-busiest container port . The country has also been identified as a tax haven .   Singapore ranks 5th on the UN Human Development Index and the 3rd highest GDP per capita . It is ranked highly in education , healthcare , life expectancy , quality of life , personal safety , and housing . Although income inequality is high , 90 % of homes are owner-occupied . 38 % of Singapore 's 5.6 million residents are permanent residents and other foreign nationals . There are four official languages : English -LRB- common and first language -RRB- , Malay , Mandarin , Tamil ; almost all Singaporeans are bilingual .   Singapore is a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic , with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government . The People 's Action Party has won every election since self-government in 1959 . The dominance of the PAP , coupled with a low level of press freedom and restrictions on civil liberties and political rights , has led to Singapore being classified by some as a semi-authoritarian regime . One of the five founding members of the ASEAN , Singapore is also the host of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- Secretariat , and a member of the East Asia Summit , Non-Aligned Movement , and the Commonwealth of Nations .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jennifer Hudson was a finalist of American Idol.", "evidence": "Jennifer Kate Hudson -LRB- born September 12 , 1981 -RRB- is an American singer , actress and spokesperson . She rose to fame in 2004 as a finalist on the third season of American Idol , coming in seventh place .   As an actress , she made her film debut portraying Effie White in Dreamgirls , for which she gained worldwide acclaim and won an Academy Award , a Golden Globe Award , a BAFTA Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Supporting Actress . She has also appeared in such films as Sex and the City , The Secret Life of Bees and Black Nativity . She has made numerous television appearances , including guest roles on Smash , Empire and Inside Amy Schumer . In 2015 she made her Broadway debut in the role of Shug Avery in the 2015 revival of The Color Purple .   As a singer , Hudson has released three studio albums . Her debut album Jennifer Hudson , released in 2008 , debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA , with sales exceeding a million copies worldwide . The record was nominated for four Grammy Awards , winning the 2009 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album . Her second album I Remember Me , released in 2011 , also debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA . Her third and most recent album JHUD peaked in the top ten and featured the Grammy-nominated track `` It 's Your World '' . She also became the principal singer of The Color Purple musical album , which earned her the 2017 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album and a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Musical Performance in a Daytime Program -LRB- shared with the cast of The Color Purple -RRB- .   In October 2008 , after Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were killed in a shooting , Hudson stepped out of the public eye for three months . Hudson resumed her public appearances in 2009 , with high-profile performances at Super Bowl XLIII , the Grammy Awards , American Idol , and The Oprah Winfrey Show . Hudson has been described as a friend of former President Barack Obama , who invited her to appear with him at a fundraiser in Beverly Hills during his first term in May 2009 . She also performed at the White House at the `` Celebration of Music from the Civil Rights Movement '' event . In 2013 , she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . In 2016 , Hudson was announced as a coach on the 2017 Series of The Voice UK . The following year , Hudson was announced as a coach on the thirteenth season of The Voice .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hong Kong is incapable of being consistently ranked as the world's most freest economic entity.", "evidence": "Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of China . Macau lies across the delta to the west , and the province of Guangdong borders the territory to the north . With a total land area of 1,106 km2 and a population of over 7.3 million of various nationalities , it ranks as the world 's fourth most densely populated sovereign state or territory .   After the First Opium War -LRB- 1839 -- 42 -RRB- , Hong Kong became a British colony with the perpetual cession of Hong Kong Island , followed by the Kowloon Peninsula in 1860 and a 99-year lease of the New Territories from 1898 . Hong Kong was later occupied by Japan during World War II until British control resumed in 1945 . In the early 1980s , negotiations between the United Kingdom and China resulted in the 1984 Sino-British Joint Declaration , which paved way for the transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong in 1997 , when it became a special administrative region -LRB- SAR -RRB- of the Peoples Republic of China with a high degree of autonomy .   Under the principle of `` one country , two systems '' , Hong Kong maintains a separate political and economic system from China . Except in military defence and foreign affairs , Hong Kong maintains its independent executive , legislative and judiciary powers . In addition , Hong Kong develops relations directly with foreign states and international organisations in a broad range of `` appropriate fields '' .   Hong Kong is one of the world 's most significant financial centres , with the highest Financial Development Index score and consistently ranks as the world 's most competitive and freest economic entity . As the world 's 8th largest trading entity , its legal tender , the Hong Kong dollar , is the world 's 13th most traded currency . It 's also a member of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation -LRB- APEC -RRB- . Hong Kong 's tertiary sector dominated economy is characterised by simple taxation with a competitive level of corporate tax and supported by its independent judiciary system . However , while Hong Kong has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world , it suffers from severe income inequality .   Hong Kong is renowned for its deep natural harbour , which enables ready access by international cargo ships , and its impressive skyline , with a very high density of skyscrapers ; the territory boasts the second largest number of high rises of any city in the world . It has a very high Human Development Index ranking and the world 's longest life expectancy . Over 90 % of the population makes use of well-developed public transportation . Seasonal air pollution with origins from neighbouring industrial areas of Mainland China , which adopts loose emissions standards , has resulted in a high level of atmospheric particulates .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Manchester City F.C. was bought by the Abu Dhabi United Group.", "evidence": "Manchester City Football Club is a football club in Manchester , England . Founded in 1880 as St. Mark 's -LRB- West Gorton -RRB- , they became Ardwick Association Football Club in 1887 and Manchester City in 1894 . The club moved to the City of Manchester Stadium in 2003 , having played at Maine Road since 1923 .   The club 's most successful period was in the late 1960s and early 1970s when they won the League Championship , FA Cup , League Cup and European Cup Winners ' Cup under the management team of Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison . After losing the 1981 FA Cup Final , the club went through a period of decline , culminating in relegation to the third tier of English football for the only time in their history in 1998 . Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s , the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and has become one of the wealthiest in the world . Since 2011 the club have won five major honours , including the Premier League in 2012 and 2014 .   By 2015 -- 16 , Manchester City had the fifth-highest revenue in the footballing world with an annual revenue of $ 463.5 million . In 2016 , Forbes magazine estimated they were the world 's sixth most valuable football club , worth $ 1.92 billion .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Unapologetic is a work.", "evidence": "Unapologetic is the seventh studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna . It was released on November 19 , 2012 , by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records . It was recorded between June and November 2012 , during promotion of her sixth album , Talk That Talk -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . As executive producer , Rihanna enlisted previous collaborators The-Dream , David Guetta , Chase & Status , and StarGate to work alongside new collaborators such as Parker Ighile , Mike Will Made-It , and Labrinth . Unapologetic is mainly a pop , dubstep and R&B album that incorporates elements of hip hop , EDM and reggae in its production , similar to the sound of her previous albums Talk That Talk and Rated R -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .   Unapologetic received generally mixed reviews from critics , with some reviewers describing its music as interesting , while others criticized its lyrical content and rushed nature . The album won a Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2014 ceremony . It debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 238,000 copies , becoming Rihanna 's first number one album on the chart and best-selling debut week of her career . The album also became the singer 's third , fourth , and fifth consecutive number one album in the United Kingdom , Norway , and Switzerland , respectively . As of December 2014 , Unapologetic has sold over four million copies worldwide .   The album produced seven singles including the international hits `` Diamonds '' and `` Stay '' . The former peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart and the US Billboard Hot 100 where it became Rihanna 's twelfth number one song , tying her with Madonna and The Supremes for fourth most number one songs in the history of the chart . Prior to its release , Rihanna promoted the album with the 777 Tour which consisted of a seven-date promotional tour in which she performed seven concerts each in a different city in North America and Europe in seven days . To further promote Unapologetic , Rihanna embarked on her fourth worldwide tour entitled the Diamonds World Tour .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Andre Agassi is a golfer.", "evidence": "Andre Kirk Agassi -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0251\u02d0ndre\u026a_\u02c8\u00e6\u0261\u0259si -RSB- born April 29 , 1970 -RRB- is an American retired professional tennis player and former World No. 1 who was one of the sport 's most dominant players from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s . Generally considered by critics and fellow players to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time , Agassi has been called the greatest service returner in the history of the game . Described by the BBC upon his retirement as `` perhaps the biggest worldwide star in the sport 's history '' , Agassi compiled performances that , along with his unorthodox apparel and attitude , saw him cited as one of the most charismatic players in the history of the game . As a result , he is credited for helping to revive the popularity of tennis during the 1990s .   In singles tennis , Agassi is an eight-time Grand Slam champion and a 1996 Olympic gold medalist , as well as finishing runner-up in seven other Grand Slam tournaments . During the Open Era , Agassi was the first male player to have won 4 Australian Open titles , a record that was later surpassed by Novak Djokovic when he won his 5th title on 2015 , and then by Roger Federer in 2017 . Agassi is one of five male singles players to achieve the Career Grand Slam in the Open Era and one of eight in history , the first of two to achieve the Career Golden Slam -LRB- Career Grand Slam and Olympic Gold Medal , the other being Rafael Nadal -RRB- , and the only man to win the Career Golden Slam and the ATP Tour World Championships -LRB- won in 1990 -RRB- : a distinction dubbed as a `` Career Super Slam '' by Sports Illustrated .   Agassi was the first male player to win all four Grand Slam tournaments on three different surfaces -LRB- hard , clay and grass -RRB- , and the last American male to win both the French Open -LRB- in 1999 -RRB- and the Australian Open -LRB- in 2003 -RRB- . He also won 17 ATP Masters Series titles and was part of the winning Davis Cup teams in 1990 , 1992 and 1995 . Agassi reached the World No. 1 ranking for the first time in 1995 but was troubled by personal issues during the mid-to-late 1990s and sank to World No. 141 in 1997 , prompting many to believe that his career was over . Agassi returned to World No. 1 in 1999 and enjoyed the most successful run of his career over the next four years . During his 20-plus year tour career , Agassi was known by the nickname `` The Punisher '' .   After suffering from sciatica caused by two bulging discs in his back , a spondylolisthesis -LRB- vertebral displacement -RRB- and a bone spur that interfered with the nerve , Agassi retired from professional tennis on September 3 , 2006 , after losing in the third round of the US Open to Benjamin Becker . He is the founder of the Andre Agassi Charitable Foundation , which has raised over $ 60 million for at-risk children in Southern Nevada . In 2001 , the Foundation opened the Andre Agassi College Preparatory Academy in Las Vegas , a K-12 public charter school for at-risk children . He has been married to fellow tennis player Steffi Graf since 2001 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Liverpool F.C. was managed by Bill Shankly.", "evidence": "Liverpool Football Club -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u026av\u0259rpu\u02d0l -RSB- -RRB- is a professional association football club based in Liverpool , Merseyside , England . They compete in the Premier League , the top tier of English football . The club has won 5 European Cups , 3 UEFA Cups , 3 UEFA Super Cups , 18 League titles , 7 FA Cups , a record 8 League Cups , and 15 FA Community Shields .   The club was founded in 1892 and joined the Football League the following year . The club has played at Anfield since its formation . Liverpool established itself as a major force in both English and European football during the 1970s and 1980s when Bill Shankly and Bob Paisley led the club to 11 League titles and seven European trophies . Under the management of Rafa Ben\u00edtez and captained by Steven Gerrard Liverpool became European champion for the fifth time , winning the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final against Milan in spite of being 3 -- 0 down at half time .   Liverpool was the ninth highest-earning football club in the world for 2014 -- 15 , with an annual revenue of $ 391 million , and the world 's eighth most valuable football club in 2016 , valued at $ 1.55 billion . The club holds many long-standing rivalries , most notably the North West Derby against Manchester United and the Merseyside derby with Everton .   The club 's supporters have been involved in two major tragedies . The first was the Heysel Stadium disaster in 1985 , where escaping fans were pressed against a collapsing wall in the Heysel Stadium , with 39 people -- mostly Italians and Juventus fans -- dying , after which English clubs were given a five-year ban from European competition . The second was the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 , where 96 Liverpool supporters died in a crush against perimeter fencing . The team changed from red shirts and white shorts to an all-red home strip in 1964 which has been used ever since . The club 's anthem is `` You 'll Never Walk Alone '' .  William Shankly , OBE -LRB- 2 September 1913 -- 29 September 1981 -RRB- was a Scottish football player and manager , who is best known for his time as manager of Liverpool .   Shankly came from a small Scottish mining community as one of five brothers who played football professionally . He played as a ball-winning right-half and was capped twelve times for Scotland , including seven wartime internationals . He spent one season at Carlisle United before spending the rest of his career at Preston North End , with whom he won the FA Cup in 1938 . His playing career was interrupted by his service in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War . He became a manager after he retired from playing in 1949 , returning to Carlisle United . He later managed Grimsby Town , Workington and Huddersfield Town before moving to become Liverpool manager in December 1959 .   Shankly took charge of Liverpool when they were in the Second Division and rebuilt the team into a major force in English and European football . He led Liverpool to the Second Division Championship to gain promotion to the top-flight First Division in 1962 , before going on to win three First Division Championships , two FA Cups , four Charity Shields and one UEFA Cup . Shankly announced his surprise retirement from football a few weeks after Liverpool won the 1974 FA Cup Final , having managed the club for 15 years , and was succeeded by his long-time assistant Bob Paisley . He led the Liverpool team out for the last time at Wembley for the 1974 FA Charity Shield . He died seven years later at the age of 68 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bangladesh is a founding member of nationalism.", "evidence": "Bangladesh -LRB- -LSB- b\u00e6\u014b\u0261l\u0259\u02c8d\u025b\u0283 -RSB- -LSB- \u02ccb\u0251\u02d0\u014b\u0261l\u0259\u02c8d\u025b\u0283 -RSB- -LSB- : bn : \u09ac\u09be\u0982\u09b2\u09be\u09a6\u09c7\u09b6 , \u09ac\u09be\u0982\u09b2\u09be\u09a6\u09c7\u09b6 -RSB- , -LSB- \u02c8ba\u014blad\u032ae\u0283 -RSB- , lit . `` The country of Bengal '' -RRB- , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia . It shares land borders with India and Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- . Nepal , Bhutan and China are located near Bangladesh but do not share a border with it . The country 's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area . Bangladesh is the world 's eighth most populous country . Dhaka is its capital and largest city , followed by Chittagong , which has the country 's largest port .   Bangladesh forms the largest and eastern part of the Bengal region . Bangladeshis include people of different ethnic groups and religions . Bengalis , who speak the official Bengali language , make up 98 % of the population . The politically dominant Bengali Muslims make the nation the world 's third largest Muslim-majority country . Most of Bangladesh is covered by the Bengal delta , the largest delta on Earth . The country has 700 rivers and 8,046 km -LRB- 5,000 miles -RRB- of inland waterways . Highlands with evergreen forests are found in the northeastern and southeastern regions of the country . Bangladesh has many islands and a coral reef . It is home to the Sundarbans , the largest mangrove forest in the world . The country 's biodiversity includes a vast array of plant and wildlife , including critically endangered Bengal tigers , the national animal .   The Greeks and Romans identified the region as Gangaridai , a powerful kingdom of the historical subcontinent , in the 3rd century BCE . Archaeological research has unearthed several ancient cities in Bangladesh , which had international trade links for millennia . The Bengal Sultanate and Mughal Bengal transformed the region into a cosmopolitan Islamic imperial power between the 14th and 18th centuries . The region was home to many principalities that had inland naval prowess . It was also a notable center of the worldwide muslin and silk trade . As part of British India , the region was influenced by the Bengali renaissance and played an important role in anti-colonial movements . The Partition of British India made East Bengal a part of the Dominion of Pakistan ; and was renamed as East Pakistan . The region witnessed the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 and the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 . After independence , a parliamentary republic was established . A presidential government was in place between 1975 and 1990 , followed by a return to parliamentary democracy . The country has also been affected by poverty , natural disasters , hunger , dominant party systems and military coups .   Bangladesh is a middle power and a major developing nation . Within South Asia , the country ranks first in gender equality , second in foreign exchange earnings and third in life expectancy and peacefulness . Listed as one of the Next Eleven , its economy ranks 46th in terms of nominal gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- and 29th in terms of purchasing power parity -LRB- PPP -RRB- . It is one of the largest textile exporters in the world . Its major trading partners are the European Union , the United States , China , India , Japan , Malaysia and Singapore . With its strategically vital location between Southern , Eastern and Southeast Asia , Bangladesh is an important promoter of regional connectivity and cooperation . It is a founding member of SAARC , BIMSTEC , the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Forum for Regional Cooperation and the Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Initiative . It is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , the Developing 8 Countries , the OIC , the Non Aligned Movement , the Group of 77 and the World Trade Organization . Bangladesh is one of the largest contributors to United Nations peacekeeping forces .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jon Pertwee took part in Worzel Gummidge.", "evidence": "John Devon Roland Pertwee -LRB- 7 July 1919 -- 20 May 1996 -RRB- , known professionally as Jon Pertwee , was an English actor , entertainer and cabaret performer .   Pertwee is most known for starring as the Third Doctor in the science-fiction series Doctor Who between 1970 and 1974 . Pertwee also spent 18 years -LRB- 1959 -- 1977 -RRB- playing Chief petty officer Pertwee in The Navy Lark on BBC Radio . He later played the title character in the series Worzel Gummidge from 1979 to 1981 , and again from 1987 to 1989 .   As an actor , Pertwee appeared in many comedy roles and was once described as having `` rubbery features and ability to affect silly voices '' . Earlier in his career , Pertwee had worked as a vaudeville comedian , performed at the Glasgow Empire Theatre and shared a bill with Max Wall and Jimmy James . Towards the end of his life , he performed to audiences in a one-man show called Who Is Jon Pertwee ? .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lee Child was born on October 29.", "evidence": "James D. `` Jim '' Grant -LRB- born 29 October 1954 -RRB- , better known by his pen name Lee Child , is a British author who writes thriller novels . He is especially known for his Jack Reacher novel series . The books follow the adventures of a former American military policeman , Jack Reacher , who wanders the United States . His first novel , Killing Floor , won both the Anthony Award , and the Barry Award for Best First Novel .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tequila is incapable of being made in Mexico.", "evidence": "Tequila -LRB- Spanish -RRB- is a regionally specific name for a distilled beverage made from the blue agave plant , primarily in the area surrounding the city of Tequila , 65 km northwest of Guadalajara , and in the highlands -LRB- Los Altos -RRB- of the central western Mexican state of Jalisco . Although tequila is similar to mezcal , modern tequila differs somewhat in the method of its production , in the use of only blue agave plants , as well as in its regional specificity . Tequila is commonly served neat in Mexico and as a shot with salt and lime across the rest of the world .   The red volcanic soil in the surrounding region is particularly well suited to the growing of the blue agave , and more than 300 million of the plants are harvested there each year . Agave grows differently depending on the region . Blue agaves grown in the highlands Los Altos region are larger in size and sweeter in aroma and taste . Agaves harvested in the lowlands , on the other hand , have a more herbaceous fragrance and flavor .   Mexican laws state that tequila can only be produced in the state of Jalisco and limited municipalities in the states of Guanajuato , Michoac\u00e1n , Nayarit , and Tamaulipas . Tequila is recognized as a Mexican designation of origin product in more than 40 countries . It is protected through NAFTA in Canada and the United States , through bilateral agreements with individual countries such as Japan and Israel , and has been a protected designation of origin product in the constituent countries of the European Union since 1997 .   Tequila is most often made at a 38 % alcohol content -LRB- 76 U.S. proof -RRB- for domestic consumption , but can be produced between 31 and 55 % alcohol content -LRB- 62 and 110 U.S. proof -RRB- . Per U.S law , tequila must contain at least 40 % alcohol -LRB- 80 U.S. proof -RRB- to be sold in the United States .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Michael Phelps holds three long course world records for swimming.", "evidence": "Michael Fred Phelps II -LRB- born June 30 , 1985 -RRB- is an American former competitive swimmer and the most decorated Olympian of all time , with a total of 28 medals . Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals -LRB- 23 -RRB- , Olympic gold medals in individual events -LRB- 13 -RRB- , and Olympic medals in individual events -LRB- 16 -RRB- . In winning eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games , Phelps broke fellow American swimmer Mark Spitz 's 1972 record of seven first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games . At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , Phelps won four gold and two silver medals , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , he won five gold medals and one silver . This made him the most successful athlete of the Games for the fourth Olympics in a row .   Phelps is the long course world record holder in the 100 meter butterfly , 200 meter butterfly , and 400 meter individual medley as well as the former long course world record holder in the 200 meter freestyle and 200 meter individual medley . He has won 83 medals in major international long course competition , of which 66 were gold , 14 silver , and 3 bronze , spanning the Olympics , the World , and the Pan Pacific Championships . Phelps 's international titles and record-breaking performances have earned him the World Swimmer of the Year Award eight times and American Swimmer of the Year Award eleven times , as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2012 and 2016 . His unprecedented Olympic success in 2008 earned Phelps Sports Illustrated magazine 's Sportsman of the Year award .   After the 2008 Summer Olympics , Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation , which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles . Phelps retired following the 2012 Olympics , but in April 2014 he made a comeback . At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , his fifth Olympics , he won five golds and one silver . Phelps was chosen to be a captain of the 2016 US Olympic team , and was also voted by his team to be the flag bearer of the United States at the 2016 Summer Olympics Parade of Nations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Donald Glover never released an album.", "evidence": "Donald McKinley Glover -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0261l\u028cv\u0259r -RSB- born September 25 , 1983 -RRB- is an American actor , writer , producer , comedian , rapper , singer , and songwriter . As a recording artist , he usually performs under the stage name Childish Gambino , and as a disc jockey , he performs under the name mcDJ .   He first came to attention for his work with Derrick Comedy and , with the help of Tina Fey , was hired at the age of 23 to become a writer for the NBC comedy series 30 Rock . He later portrayed community college student Troy Barnes on the NBC sitcom Community . He currently stars in the FX series Atlanta , which he also created . He will appear in Spider-Man : Homecoming , and has been cast as the young Lando Calrissian in the upcoming , untitled standalone Han Solo Star Wars movie . He will also provide the voice of Simba in a remake of the Disney film The Lion King .   After several self-released albums and mixtapes , Glover signed to Glassnote Records in 2011 . He released his first album , Camp , on November 15 , 2011 to generally positive reviews . His second studio album , Because the Internet , was released on December 10 , 2013 . Glover was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 2015 , Best Rap Album for Because the Internet and Best Rap Performance for his single `` 3005 '' . Glover 's third album , `` Awaken , My Love ! '' , was released on December 2 , 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "FC Barcelona was ranked second in the IFFHS Club World Ranking for 2015.", "evidence": "Futbol Club Barcelona -LRB- -LSB- fub\u02c8b\u0254\u026b \u02c8k\u026bub b\u0259rs\u0259\u02c8\u026bon\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- , commonly known as Barcelona and familiarly as Bar\u00e7a , is a professional football club based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .   Founded in 1899 by a group of Swiss , English and Catalan footballers led by Joan Gamper , the club has become a symbol of Catalan culture and Catalanism , hence the motto `` M\u00e9s que un club '' -LRB- `` More than a club '' -RRB- . Unlike many other football clubs , the supporters own and operate Barcelona . It is the second most valuable sports team in the world , worth $ 3.56 billion , and the world 's second richest football club in terms of revenue , with an annual turnover of $ 560.8 million . The official Barcelona anthem is the `` Cant del Bar\u00e7a '' , written by Jaume Picas and Josep Maria Espin\u00e0s .   Domestically , Barcelona has won 24 La Liga , 29 Copa del Rey , 12 Supercopa de Espa\u00f1a , 3 Copa Eva Duarte and 2 Copa de la Liga trophies , as well as being the record holder for the latter four competitions . In international club football , Barcelona has won twenty European and World titles -- four UEFA Champions League titles and one European Cup , a record four UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , a shared record five UEFA Super Cup , a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup . Barcelona was ranked first in the IFFHS Club World Ranking for 1997 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 and 2015 and currently occupies the third position on the UEFA club rankings . The club has a long-standing rivalry with Real Madrid ; matches between the two teams are referred to as El Cl\u00e1sico .   Barcelona is one of the most widely supported teams in the world , and the club has the largest social media following in the world among sports teams . Barcelona players have won a record number of Ballon d'Or awards -LRB- 11 -RRB- , with recipients including Johan Cruyff , as well as a record number of FIFA World Player of the Year awards -LRB- 7 -RRB- , with winners including Ronaldo , Rom\u00e1rio and Ronaldinho . In 2010 , three players who came through the club 's youth academy -LRB- Lionel Messi , Andr\u00e9s Iniesta and Xavi -RRB- were chosen as the three best players in the world in the FIFA Ballon d'Or awards , an unprecedented feat for players from the same football school .   Barcelona is one of three founding members of the Primera Divisi\u00f3n that have never been relegated from the top division , along with Athletic Bilbao and Real Madrid . In 2009 , Barcelona became the first Spanish club to win the continental treble consisting of La Liga , Copa del Rey , and the UEFA Champions League , and also became the first football club to win six out of six competitions in a single year , completing the sextuple in also winning the Spanish Super Cup , UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup . In 2011 , the club became European champions again and won five trophies . This Barcelona team , which won 14 trophies in just 4 years under Pep Guardiola , is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest team of all time . By winning their fifth Champions League trophy on 6 June 2015 , Barcelona became the first European club in history to achieve the continental treble twice .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Courteney Cox appeared on a show created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman.", "evidence": "Courteney Bass Cox -LRB- born June 15 , 1964 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and director . She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends , Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream , and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town , for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination . Cox also starred in the FX series Dirt . She owns a production company , called Coquette Productions , which was created by Cox and her then-husband David Arquette . Cox also worked as a director on her sitcom Cougar Town and the television film Talhotblond .  Friends -LRB- stylized as F \u2022 R \u2022 I \u2022 E \u2022 N \u2022 D \u2022 S -RRB- is an American television sitcom , created by David Crane and Marta Kauffman , which aired on NBC from September 22 , 1994 , to May 6 , 2004 , lasting ten seasons . With an ensemble cast starring Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox , Lisa Kudrow , Matt LeBlanc , Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer , the show revolves around six 20-30 something friends living in Manhattan . The series was produced by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions , in association with Warner Bros. . Television . The original executive producers were Kevin S. Bright , Marta Kauffman , and David Crane .   Kauffman and Crane began developing Friends under the title Insomnia Cafe between November and December 1993 . They presented the idea to Bright , and together they pitched a seven-page treatment of the show to NBC . After several script rewrites and changes , including a title change to Six of One and Friends Like Us , the series was finally named Friends .   Filming took place at Warner Bros. . Studios in Burbank , California . All ten seasons of Friends ranked within the top ten of the final television season ratings ; ultimately reaching the No. 1 spot with its eighth season . The series finale on May 6 , 2004 , was watched by around 52.5 million American viewers , making it the fifth most watched series finale in television history , and the most watched television episode of the 2000s decade .   Friends received acclaim throughout its run , becoming one of the most popular television shows of all time . The series was nominated for 62 Primetime Emmy Awards , winning the Outstanding Comedy Series award in 2002 for its eighth season . The show ranked no. 21 on -LSB- -LSB- TV Guide 's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time | TV Guide '' 's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time -RSB- -RSB- and no. 7 on Empire magazine 's The 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time . In 1997 , the episode `` The One with the Prom Video '' was ranked no. 100 on TV Guide 's 100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time . In 2013 , Friends '' ranked no. 24 on the Writers Guild of America 's 101 Best Written TV Series of All Time and no. 28 on TV Guide 's 60 Best TV Series of All Time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chris Pine appeared in a 2012 American romantic comedy spy film.", "evidence": "Christopher Whitelaw Pine -LRB- born August 26 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actor . He is known for his role as James T. Kirk in Star Trek -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Star Trek Into Darkness -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and Star Trek Beyond -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . He also appeared in the films The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Just My Luck -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Smokin ' Aces -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bottle Shock -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Unstoppable -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , This Means War -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Rise of the Guardians -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Horrible Bosses 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Into the Woods -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Z for Zachariah -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , The Finest Hours -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , Hell or High Water -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and Wonder Woman -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .  This Means War is a 2012 American romantic comedy spy film directed by McG in which two CIA agents who are best friends discover that they are dating the same woman . The film stars Reese Witherspoon , Chris Pine , and Tom Hardy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ratatouille was directed by one person.", "evidence": "Ratatouille -LRB- -LSB- r\u00e6t\u0259\u02c8tu\u02d0i\u02d0 -RSB- -LSB- \u0281atatuj -RSB- -RRB- is a 2007 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar and released by Buena Vista Pictures Distribution . It is the eighth film produced by Pixar and was co-written and directed by Brad Bird , who took over from Jan Pinkava in 2005 . The title refers to a French dish , `` ratatouille '' , which is served at the end of the film and is also a play on words about the species of the main character . The film stars the voices of Patton Oswalt as Remy , an anthropomorphic rat who is interested in cooking ; Lou Romano as Linguini , a young garbage boy who befriends Remy ; Ian Holm as Skinner , the head chef of Auguste Gusteau 's restaurant ; Janeane Garofalo as Colette , a r\u00f4tisseur at Gusteau 's restaurant ; Peter O'Toole as Anton Ego , a restaurant critic ; Brian Dennehy as Django , Remy 's father and leader of his clan ; Peter Sohn as Emile , Remy 's older brother ; and Brad Garrett as Auguste Gusteau , a recently deceased chef . The plot follows Remy , who dreams of becoming a chef and tries to achieve his goal by forming an alliance with a Parisian restaurant 's garbage boy .   Development of Ratatouille began in 2000 when Pinkava wrote the original concepts of the film . In 2005 , Bird was approached to direct the film and revise the story . Bird and some of the film 's crew members also visited Paris for inspiration . To create the food animation used in the film , the crew consulted chefs from both France and the United States . Bird also interned at Thomas Keller 's The French Laundry restaurant , where Keller developed the confit byaldi , a dish used in the film .   Ratatouille premiered on June 22 , 2007 , at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , California , with its general release June 29 , 2007 , in the United States . The film grossed at the box office and received universal acclaim . The film later won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature , among other honors .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kurt Angle won a gold medal in freestyle wrestling at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships.", "evidence": "Kurt Steven Angle -LRB- born December 9 , 1968 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , actor , and retired amateur wrestler . He is currently signed to WWE , performing as the on-screen general manager for the Raw brand . While a student at Clarion University of Pennsylvania , Angle won numerous accolades , including being a two-time National Collegiate Athletic Association -LRB- NCAA -RRB- Division I Heavyweight Wrestling Champion . After graduating college , Angle won a gold medal in freestyle wrestling at the 1995 World Wrestling Championships . He then won a freestyle wrestling gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics . Angle is one of four people to complete an amateur wrestling Grand Slam -LRB- junior nationals , NCAA , World Championships , Olympics -RRB- . In 2006 , he was named by USA Wrestling as the greatest shoot wrestler ever and one of the top 15 college wrestlers of all time . He was inducted into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2016 for his amateur accomplishments .   Angle made his first appearance at a professional wrestling event in 1996 , with his in-ring debut in 1999 . He signed a long-term contract with the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF , now WWE -RRB- that same year , and participated in his first televised storyline in March 1999 . After months of unaired matches , Angle made his official debut in November and received his first major push in the company in February 2000 , when he held the European Championship and the Intercontinental Championship simultaneously . Four months later , he won the King of the Ring tournament , and not long after he began pursuing the WWF Championship , which he won in October ; this capped off a rookie year which is considered by many to be the greatest in professional wrestling history . Throughout his tenure in the WWF/WWE , Angle was a six-time world champion -LRB- four reigns as WWF/WWE Champion , one as WCW Champion , and one as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion -RRB- , a one-time United States Champion , one-time Intercontinental Champion , one-time European Champion , one-time Hardcore Champion , and one-time WWE Tag Team Champion . He is the tenth Triple Crown Champion and the fifth Grand Slam Champion -LRB- achieving this accolade twice under both the original and current format -RRB- in WWE history . On March 31 2017 , Angle was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame , becoming the third active wrestler to be inducted , after Ric Flair and Sting .   After leaving WWE in 2006 , Angle joined Total Nonstop Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA , now Impact Wrestling -RRB- where he became a record six-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion -LRB- and the inaugural titleholder -RRB- , a two-time TNA World Tag Team Champion , and a one-time TNA X Division Champion . He is the second Triple Crown winner in TNA history and the only one to hold all the required titles at once . Angle is also a two-time King of the Mountain . As part of TNA , he made appearances for New Japan Pro-Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- and the Inoki Genome Federation -LRB- IGF -RRB- , holding the IWGP Heavyweight Championship once . In 2013 , Angle was inducted into the TNA Hall of Fame -LRB- he is the second wrestler -- after Sting -- to be inducted into both the WWE and TNA halls of fame -RRB- .   Between WWF/WWE , Japan , and TNA , Angle has won 13 world championships and 21 total championships . He is the only professional wrestler in history to have won the WWE Championship , WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship , the WCW Championship , the TNA World Heavyweight Championship , and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship . Angle is also the only person to have been King of the Mountain and King of the Ring . He has headlined numerous pay-per-view events for both WWF/WWE and TNA throughout his career , including the flagship event for both promotions : WrestleMania in WWE , and Bound for Glory in TNA . In 2004 , the Wrestling Observer Newsletter inducted Angle into its Hall of Fame , and later named him `` Wrestler of the Decade '' for the 2000s . He is considered to be one of the greatest professional wrestlers of all time ; ESPN journalist and former WWE personality Jonathan Coachman described Angle as `` the greatest I 've ever seen in the ring '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Iron Fist was created by Damon Lindelof.", "evidence": "Marvel 's Iron Fist , or simply Iron Fist , is an American web television series created for Netflix by Scott Buck , based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name . It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe -LRB- MCU -RRB- , sharing continuity with the films of the franchise and is the fourth in a series of shows that will lead up to The Defenders crossover miniseries . The series is produced by Marvel Television in association with ABC Studios and Devilina Productions , with Buck serving as showrunner .   Finn Jones stars as Danny Rand / Iron Fist , a martial arts expert with the ability to call upon the power of the Iron Fist . Jessica Henwick , Tom Pelphrey , Jessica Stroup , Ram\u00f3n Rodr\u00edguez , Sacha Dhawan , Rosario Dawson and David Wenham also star . After a film based on the character spent over a decade in development at Marvel Studios , development for the series began in late 2013 at Marvel Television , with Buck hired as the series showrunner in December 2015 and Jones cast as Rand in February 2016 . Filming began in New York City in April 2016 and concluded in October 2016 .   Iron Fist had its premiere on March 15 , 2017 , in New York City , with the full season of 13 episodes releasing on Netflix on March 17 , 2017 . The series received mixed reviews from critics , with criticism aimed towards its pace and storytelling , underwhelming fight sequences , and Jones ' portrayal of Rand , while Henwick 's performance as Colleen Wing and the appearances of established characters Claire Temple and Jeri Hogarth received praise . Third-party data analytics determined the series had strong initial viewership , but this was shortly cut in half .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Dangerous Beauty is a 1990 film.", "evidence": "Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt . Based on the non-fiction book The Honest Courtesan by Margaret Rosenthal , the film is about Veronica Franco , a courtesan in sixteenth-century Venice who becomes a hero to her city , but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the Church for witchcraft . The film features a supporting cast that includes Fred Ward , Naomi Watts , Moira Kelly and Jacqueline Bisset . The film was released as A Destiny of Her Own in some regions , and was retitled The Honest Courtesan ' for its UK video release .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Avengers (2012 film) features Chris Evans.", "evidence": "Marvel 's The Avengers -LRB- classified under the name Marvel Avengers Assemble in the United Kingdom and Ireland -RRB- , or simply The Avengers , is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr. , Chris Evans , Mark Ruffalo , Chris Hemsworth , Scarlett Johansson , Jeremy Renner , Tom Hiddleston , Clark Gregg , Cobie Smulders , Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd , and Samuel L. Jackson . In the film , Nick Fury , director of the peacekeeping organization S.H.I.E.L.D. , recruits Iron Man , Captain America , the Hulk , and Thor to form a team that must stop Thor 's brother Loki from subjugating Earth .   The film 's development began when Marvel Studios received a loan from Merrill Lynch in April 2005 . After the success of the film Iron Man in May 2008 , Marvel announced that The Avengers would be released in July 2011 . With the signing of Johansson in March 2009 , the film was pushed back for a 2012 release . Whedon was brought on board in April 2010 and rewrote the original screenplay by Zak Penn. . Production began in April 2011 in Albuquerque , New Mexico , before moving to Cleveland , Ohio , in August and New York City in September . The film was converted to 3D in post-production .   The Avengers premiered on April 11 , 2012 , at Hollywood 's El Capitan Theatre and was released theatrically in the United States on May 4 , 2012 . The film received positive reviews from critics , as well as numerous awards and nominations including Academy Award and BAFTA nominations for achievements in visual effects . It has set or tied numerous box office records , including the biggest opening weekend in North America . The Avengers grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide , and became the third-highest-grossing film during its theatrical run -- as well as the first Marvel production to generate $ 1 billion in ticket sales . The film was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on September 25 , 2012 . A sequel , titled Avengers : Age of Ultron , was released on May 1 , 2015 , while two additional sequels , Avengers : Infinity War and an untitled sequel , are currently in development , with Infinity War scheduled for a May 4 , 2018 release date , and its sequel scheduled to be released on May 3 , 2019 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jerry Goldsmith failed to collaborate with anybody during his career.", "evidence": "Jerrald King `` Jerry '' Goldsmith -LRB- February 10 , 1929July 21 , 2004 -RRB- was an American composer and conductor most known for his work in film and television scoring . He composed scores for such noteworthy films as Star Trek : The Motion Picture -LRB- Which he personally considered his best work -RRB- , The Sand Pebbles , Logan 's Run , Planet of the Apes , Patton , Papillon , Chinatown , The Wind and the Lion , The Omen , The Boys from Brazil , Capricorn One , Alien , Poltergeist , The Secret of NIMH , Gremlins , Hoosiers , Total Recall , Basic Instinct , Rudy , Air Force One , L.A. Confidential , Mulan , The Mummy , three Rambo films , Explorers and four other Star Trek films .   He collaborated with some of film history 's most accomplished directors , including Robert Wise , Howard Hawks , Otto Preminger , Joe Dante , Richard Donner , Roman Polanski , Ridley Scott , Michael Winner , Steven Spielberg , Paul Verhoeven , and Franklin J. Schaffner .   Goldsmith was nominated for six Grammy Awards , five Primetime Emmy Awards , nine Golden Globe Awards , four British Academy Film Awards , and eighteen Academy Awards -LRB- he won only one , in 1976 , for The Omen -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Charles, Prince of Wales sponsors The Prince's Charities.", "evidence": "Charles , Prince of Wales -LRB- Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 -RRB- is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II . Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 . He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover -LRB- the heir presumptive to Queen Anne -RRB- , who died in 1714 at the age of 83 .   Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child , as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College , Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 .   In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons : Prince William -LRB- born 1982 -RRB- later to become Duke of Cambridge , and Prince Harry -LRB- born 1984 -RRB- . In 1996 , the couple divorced , following well-publicised extramarital affairs . Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year . In 2005 , Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles .   Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations . Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 . Charles has sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment , such as climate change . As an environmentalist , he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world . His support for alternative medicine , including homeopathy , has been criticised by some in the medical community . He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings . Subsequently , Charles created Poundbury , an experimental new town based on his theories , in Dorset in 1993 . He has authored a number of books , including A Vision of Britain : A Personal View of Architecture in 1989 and the children 's book The Old Man of Lochnagar in 1980 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Grizz Chapman was on 30 Rock.", "evidence": "30 Rock is an American satirical television sitcom created by Tina Fey that ran on NBC from October 11 , 2006 , to January 31 , 2013 . The series , loosely based on Fey 's experiences as head writer for Saturday Night Live , takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy show depicted as airing on NBC . The series ' name refers to 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City , the address of the Comcast Building , where the NBC Studios are located and where Saturday Night Live is written , produced , and performed . This series is produced by Broadway Video and Little Stranger , Inc. , in association with NBCUniversal .   30 Rock episodes were produced in a single-camera setup -LRB- with the exception of the two live episodes that were taped in the multiple-camera setup -RRB- , and were filmed in New York . The pilot episode premiered on October 11 , 2006 , and seven seasons followed . The series stars Fey with a supporting cast that includes Alec Baldwin , Tracy Morgan , Jane Krakowski , Jack McBrayer , Scott Adsit , Judah Friedlander , Katrina Bowden , Keith Powell , Lonny Ross , John Lutz , Sue Galloway , Kevin Brown , Grizz Chapman , Maulik Pancholy , and Rachel Dratch .   Tonally , 30 Rock uses surreal humor to parody the complex corporate structure of NBC and its then parent company General Electric . Television critic Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club once remarked that it `` usually adopts the manic pacing of a live-action cartoon . '' The show was influential in its extensive use of smash cuts : sudden , short cuts to unrelated scenes showing something the characters are briefly discussing . 30 Rock also became known for its dedication to making these extremely elaborate , once showing a set that took three days to build for only six seconds of video .   30 Rock received critical acclaim throughout its run , winning several major awards -LRB- including Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 and nominations for every other year it ran -RRB- , and appearing on many critics ' year-end `` best of '' 2006-2013 lists . On July 14 , 2009 , the series was nominated for 22 Primetime Emmy Awards , the most in a single year for a comedy series . Over the course of the series , it was nominated for 103 Primetime Emmy Awards and won 16 , in addition to numerous other nominations and wins from other awards shows . Despite the high praise , the series struggled in the ratings throughout its run , something of which Fey herself has made light .   In 2009 , Comedy Central and WGN America bought the syndication rights to the show , which began airing on both networks on September 19 , 2011 ; the series also entered into local broadcast syndication on the same day . Today , 30 Rock is regarded as a landmark series . Its series finale in particular has been named as one of the greatest in television history by several publications . In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America named 30 Rock the 21st best-written television series of all time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nicki Minaj is a person.", "evidence": "Onika Tanya Maraj -LRB- born December 8 , 1982 -RRB- , known professionally as Nicki Minaj -LRB- -LSB- langpronn\u026ak\u026a_m\u026a ` n\u0251\u02d0d\u0292 -RSB- -RRB- , is a Trinidadian-born American rapper , singer , songwriter and model . Born in Saint James , Trinidad and Tobago -LRB- a district of Trinidad 's capital Port of Spain -RRB- and raised in South Jamaica , Queens , New York , Minaj earned public attention after releasing three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009 . She has been signed to Young Money Entertainment since 2009 .   Minaj 's first and second studio albums , Pink Friday -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and Pink Friday : Roman Reloaded -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , both peaked at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 and produced the successful singles `` Super Bass '' and `` Starships '' , respectively . In 2010 , Minaj became the first female solo artist to have seven singles simultaneously charting on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 . Her third studio album , The Pinkprint -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , was preceded by its second single , `` Anaconda '' , which peaked at number two on the Hot 100 and is her highest-charting single in the U.S. to date . Minaj made her film debut in the 2012 animated film Ice Age : Continental Drift , followed by supporting roles in The Other Woman -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Barbershop : The Next Cut -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . In 2013 , she was a judge on the twelfth season of American Idol .   Minaj was the first female artist included on MTV 's Annual Hottest MC List , with a New York Times editor saying that some consider her to be `` the most influential female rapper of all time '' . In 2016 , Minaj was included on the annual Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world . Her rapping is distinctive for its fast flow and the use of alter egos and accents , primarily British cockney . Early in her career , Minaj was known for her colorful costumes and wigs . She has the most Billboard Hot 100 entries for a female artist in the chart 's history , while being ninth overall . Minaj has received ten Grammy nominations throughout her career , and has won six American Music Awards , eleven BET Awards , three MTV Video Music Awards , four Billboard Music Awards , and was the recipient of Billboards Women in Music 2011 Rising Star award . She has endorsed Adidas , MAC Cosmetics and Pepsi . She has sold 20 million singles as a lead artist , and 60 million singles as a featured artist worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Margaret of Valois was imprisoned.", "evidence": "Margaret of Valois -LRB- Marguerite , 14 May 1553 -- 27 March 1615 -RRB- was a French princess of the Valois dynasty who became queen consort of Navarre and later also of France .   A daughter of King Henry II of France and Catherine de ' Medici , Margaret was the sister of kings Francis II , Charles IX and Henry III , and of Elisabeth of Valois Queen of Spain , as well as Claude of Valois . Charles IX arranged for her to marry a distant cousin , King Henry III of Navarre , and she thus became Queen of Navarre in 1572 . In 1589 , after all her brothers had died leaving no sons , Margaret 's husband , the senior-most agnatic heir to France -LRB- the `` Prince du sang '' -RRB- , succeeded to the French throne as Henry IV , the first Bourbon King of France .   A queen of two kingdoms , Margaret was subjected to many political manipulations , including being held prisoner -LRB- albeit at a comfortable castle -RRB- by her own brother , Henry III of France , for many years . However , her life was anything but passive . She was famous for her beauty and sense of style , notorious for a licentious lifestyle , and also proved a competent memoirist . She was indeed one of the most fashionable women of her time , and influenced many of Europe 's royal courts with her clothing . Margaret took many lovers both during her marriage and after its annulment , of whom the best-known are Joseph Boniface de La M\u00f4le , Jacques de Harlay , Seigneur de Champvallon and Louis de Bussy d'Amboise . While imprisoned , she took advantage of the time to write her memoirs , which included a succession of stories relating to the disputes of her brothers Charles IX and Henry III with her husband . The memoirs were published posthumously in 1628 .   Her life has inspired a variety of stories over the centuries , beginning with William Shakespeare 's early comedy Love 's Labour 's Lost , which was in fact written within her lifetime , to Alexandre Dumas , p\u00e8re 's 1845 novel La Reine Margot ; to a 1994 movie La Reine Margot .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Dayton Agreement was formally signed in Paris in 1995.", "evidence": "The General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina , also known as the Dayton Agreement , Dayton Accords , Paris Protocol or Dayton-Paris Agreement , is the peace agreement reached at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton , Ohio , United States , in November 1995 , and formally signed in Paris on 14 December 1995 . These accords put an end to the - year-long Bosnian War , one of the Yugoslav Wars .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "As the World Turns went away and an American talk show debuted on October 18, 2010 in its place.", "evidence": "As the World Turns -LRB- often referred to as ATWT -RRB- is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS for 54 years from April 2 , 1956 , to September 17 , 2010 . Irna Phillips created As the World Turns as a sister show to her other soap opera Guiding Light . Running for 54 years , As the World Turns holds the second-longest continuous run of any daytime network soap opera on American television , surpassed only by Guiding Light . As the World Turns was produced for the first 43 years in Manhattan and in Brooklyn from 2000 until 2010 .   Set in the fictional town of Oakdale , Illinois , the show debuted on April 2 , 1956 , at 1:30 pm EST. . Prior to that date , all serials had been 15 minutes in length . As the World Turns and The Edge of Night , which premiered on the same day at 4:30 pm EST , were the first two to be 30 minutes in length from their premiere . At first , viewers did not respond to the new half-hour serial , but ratings picked up in its second year , eventually reaching the top spot in the daytime Nielsen ratings by fall 1958 . In 1959 , the show started a streak of weekly ratings wins that was not interrupted for over 12 years . The show switched to color on August 21 , 1967 , and expanded from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on December 1 , 1975 , when The Edge of Night moved to ABC . In the year-to-date ratings , As the World Turns was the most-watched daytime drama from 1958 until 1978 , with ten million viewers tuning in each day . At its height , core actors such as Helen Wagner , Don MacLaughlin , Don Hastings , and Eileen Fulton became nationally known . Three of these actors -- Wagner , Hastings , and Fulton -- are also the three longest serving actors in the history of American soap operas .   The show passed its 10,000 th episode on May 12 , 1995 , and celebrated its 50th anniversary on April 2 , 2006 . On September 18 , 2009 , As the World Turns became the last remaining Procter and Gamble-produced soap opera for CBS after Guiding Light aired its final episode on the network .   On December 8 , 2009 , CBS announced that it cancelled As the World Turns after almost 54 years due to low ratings . The show taped its final Procter and Gamble scenes for CBS on June 23 , 2010 , and with a dramatic storyline finale , its final episode on the network aired on September 17 , 2010 . On October 18 , 2010 , CBS replaced As the World Turns with a newly debuted talk show The Talk .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Princess Agents is a novel adaptation.", "evidence": "Princess Agents -LRB- Chinese : \u7279\u5de5\u7687\u5983\u695a\u4e54\u4f20 -RRB- is a 2017 Chinese television series based on the novel 11 Chu Te Gong Huang Fei -LRB- 11\u5904\u7279\u5de5\u7687\u5983 -RRB- written by Xiao Xiang Dong Er . It stars Zanilia Zhao , Lin Gengxin and Shawn Dou . The series is scheduled to air on Hunan TV starting June 5 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Vampire Diaries only aired two seasons.", "evidence": "The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec , based on the popular book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith . The series premiered on The CW on September 10 , 2009 and concluded on March 10 , 2017 , airing 171 episodes over eight seasons .   The pilot episode attracted the largest audience for The CW of any series premiere since the network began in 2006 . The first season averaged 3.60 million viewers . It was the most-watched series on the network before being supplanted by Arrow . The show has received numerous award nominations , winning four People 's Choice Award and many Teen Choice Awards .   On April 26 , 2013 , The CW officially announced that the spin-off The Originals , which focuses on the Original family of vampires , had been ordered to series , and the show began airing during the 2013 -- 14 American television season .   On April 6 , 2015 , lead actress Nina Dobrev confirmed via Instagram that she and co-star Michael Trevino -LRB- who plays Tyler Lockwood -RRB- would be leaving the show after its sixth season . Dobrev returned to record a voiceover for the seventh-season finale . Trevino appeared as a guest star in season seven and returned for season 8 . On March 11 , 2016 , The CW renewed the series for an eighth season , but on July 23 , 2016 , announced that the eighth season , which would have 16 episodes , would be the show 's last . The final season began airing on October 21 , 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Ten Commandments is reviewed by Cecil B. DeMille.", "evidence": "The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision -LRB- color by Technicolor -RRB- , and released by Paramount Pictures . The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus . The Ten Commandments dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses , an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren , the enslaved Hebrews , and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai , where he receives , from God , the Ten Commandments . The film stars Charlton Heston in the lead role , Yul Brynner as Rameses , Anne Baxter as Nefretiri , Edward G. Robinson as Dathan , Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora , Debra Paget as Lilia , and John Derek as Joshua ; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi , Nina Foch as Bithiah , Martha Scott as Yoshebel , Judith Anderson as Memnet , and Vincent Price as Baka , among others .   Filmed on location in Egypt , Mount Sinai and the Sinai Peninsula , the film was DeMille 's last and most successful work . It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title , and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film . The film was released to cinemas in the USA on 5 October 1956 and , at the time of its release , was the most expensive film ever made .   In 1957 , the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture , winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects -LRB- John P. Fulton , A.S.C. -RRB- . Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture -LRB- Drama -RRB- for his role as Moses . Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I . It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made , grossing approximately $ 122.7 million at the box office during its initial release ; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest-grossing film of the decade . According to Guinness World Records , in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation .   In 1999 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' . In June 2008 , the American Film Institute revealed its `` Ten Top Ten '' -- the best ten films in ten American film genres -- after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community . The film was listed as the tenth best film in the epic genre . Network television has aired the film in prime time during the Passover/Easter season every year since 1973 . The last credited actor in the movie still alive is Joanna Merlin .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Bends was released in the 1990's.", "evidence": "The Bends -LRB- stylised as the bends -RRB- is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 13 March 1995 by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom and by Capitol Records in the United States . The album was produced by John Leckie and engineered by Nigel Godrich , who would go on to co-produce all future albums by the band . The Bends marked the beginning of a shift in aesthetics and themes for the band , with greater use of keyboards and more abrasive guitar tracks , while balancing them with subtler ones . The introspective grunge-influenced style of their debut album Pablo Honey -LRB- 1993 -RRB- evolved into more multi-layered rock with cryptic lyrics and larger ideas , as the band and its lead singer and songwriter Thom Yorke reacted against the rigours of their near-constant world tours .   The Bends received greater critical acclaim than Pablo Honey , receiving an enthusiastic critical reaction , and it reached # 4 on the UK Albums Chart . However , it failed to build on the commercial success of `` Creep '' outside of the United Kingdom , and it peaked on the United States charts at # 88 . Although it lacked the instant success of Radiohead 's subsequent albums , The Bends achieved triple platinum sales certifications in the UK and Canada , as well as platinum sales certifications in the United States -LRB- by the Recording Industry Association of America -RRB- and Europe . The album spawned five charting singles ; My Iron Lung was first released as an EP in 1994 before the album was released , and `` High and Dry '' was later released with the album 's opener `` Planet Telex '' as its B-side . `` Fake Plastic Trees '' was released as the album 's second single and was followed by `` Just '' . `` Street Spirit -LRB- Fade Out -RRB- '' , the final single from the album , became their first top 5 hit in the United Kingdom . In the years since its release , the album has frequently appeared in listener polls and critics ' lists of the greatest albums of all time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alandi is only a city.", "evidence": "Alandi -LRB- Marathi : \u0906\u0933\u0902\u0926\u0940 -RRB- is a town and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India . The town is popular as a place of pilgrimage for being the resting place or -LRB- Samadhi -RRB- of the 13th century Marathi Bhakti saint , Sant Dnyaneshwar  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "A singer in Got a Girl starred in Final Destination 3.", "evidence": "Got a Girl is an American musical duo consisting of actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead and music producer Dan the Automator that formed in 2012 . The band 's first studio album , I Love You but I Must Drive Off This Cliff Now was released in 2014 .  Mary Elizabeth Winstead -LRB- born November 28 , 1984 -RRB- is an American actress and singer , best known for her scream queen roles in the horror films Final Destination 3 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Black Christmas -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Death Proof -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , The Thing -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and 10 Cloverfield Lane -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . She appeared as John McClane 's daughter Lucy in the fourth and fifth films in the Die Hard franchise -LRB- 2007 , 2013 -RRB- , Ramona Flowers in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and Kate Hannah , an alcoholic struggling with sobriety in the Sundance drama Smashed -LRB- 2012 -RRB- .   Her singing career started in 2013 , with her formation of the music duo Got a Girl with Dan the Automator .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Peggy Sue Got Married was directed by an American director.", "evidence": "Peggy Sue Got Married is a 1986 American comedy-drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola starring Kathleen Turner as a woman on the verge of a divorce , who finds herself transported back to the days of her senior year in high school in 1960 . The film was written by husband and wife team Jerry Leichtling and Arlene Sarner .   The film was nominated for three Academy Awards : Best Actress -LRB- Turner -RRB- , Best Cinematography , and Best Costume Design . In addition , Turner was nominated for Best Foreign Actress at the Sant Jordi Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Role Models is a film.", "evidence": "Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain and written by David Wain , Timothy Dowling , Paul Rudd and Ken Marino . It is about two energy drink salesmen who are ordered to perform 150 hours of community service as punishment for various offenses . For their service , the two men work at a program designed to pair kids with adult role models . The film stars Seann William Scott , Paul Rudd , Christopher Mintz-Plasse , Bobb ' e J. Thompson , Jane Lynch and Elizabeth Banks .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gerald Ford was the United States president after Richard Nixon.", "evidence": "Gerald Rudolph Ford , Jr. -LRB- born Leslie Lynch King , Jr. ; July 14 , 1913 -- December 26 , 2006 -RRB- was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from 1974 to 1977 , following the resignation of Richard Nixon . Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States , following the resignation of Spiro Agnew . He was the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment , and consequently the only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected to executive office . Before his appointment to the vice presidency , Ford served 25 years as U.S. Representative from Michigan 's 5th congressional district , the final nine of them as the House Minority Leader .   As President , Ford signed the Helsinki Accords , marking a move toward d\u00e9tente in the Cold War . With the conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam nine months into his presidency , U.S. involvement in Vietnam essentially ended . Domestically , Ford presided over the worst economy in the four decades since the Great Depression , with growing inflation and a recession during his tenure . One of his most controversial acts was to grant a presidential pardon to President Richard Nixon for his role in the Watergate scandal . During Ford 's presidency , foreign policy was characterized in procedural terms by the increased role Congress began to play , and by the corresponding curb on the powers of the President . In the Republican presidential primary campaign of 1976 , Ford defeated former California Governor Ronald Reagan for the Republican nomination . He narrowly lost the presidential election to the Democratic challenger , former Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter , making him the first President who succeeded to office as a result of a mid-term vacancy since Chester A. Arthur not to be elected in his own right .   Following his years as President , Ford remained active in the Republican Party . After experiencing health problems , he died at home on December 26 , 2006 . Ford lived longer than any other U.S. president -- 93 years and 165 days -- while his 895-day presidency was the shortest of all presidents who did not die in office .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Will Ferrell worked on a film.", "evidence": "John William Ferrell -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8f\u025br\u0259l -RSB- born July 16 , 1967 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , producer , and writer . He first established himself in the mid-1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live , and has subsequently starred in comedy films such as Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Talladega Nights -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Step Brothers -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , The Other Guys -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , all but one of which he co-wrote with his comedy partner Adam McKay . The two also founded the comedy website Funny or Die in 2007 . Other films roles include Elf , Old School -LRB- both 2003 -RRB- , Blades of Glory -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and the animated films Megamind -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and The Lego Movie -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Ferrell is considered a member of the `` Frat Pack '' , a generation of leading Hollywood comic actors who emerged in the late 1990s and the 2000s , including Jack Black , Ben Stiller , Steve Carell , Vince Vaughn , and brothers Owen and Luke Wilson . He received an Emmy Award nomination for his work on Saturday Night Live , and two Golden Globe Award nominations for The Producers -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Stranger than Fiction -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . He was also named the best comedian of 2015 in the British GQ Men of the Year awards . Ferrell received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 26 , 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marshall McLuhan predicted his own death.", "evidence": "Herbert Marshall McLuhan , -LRB- July 21 , 1911 -- December 31 , 1980 -RRB- was a Canadian professor , philosopher , and public intellectual . His work is viewed as one of the cornerstones of the study of media theory , as well as having practical applications in the advertising and television industries . He was educated at the University of Manitoba and the University of Cambridge ; he began his teaching career as a Professor of English at several universities in the U.S. and Canada before moving to the University of Toronto , where he remained for the rest of his life .   McLuhan is known for coining the expression `` the medium is the message '' and the term global village , and for predicting the World Wide Web almost thirty years before it was invented . He was a fixture in media discourse in the late 1960s , though his influence began to wane in the early 1970s . In the years after his death , he continued to be a controversial figure in academic circles . With the arrival of the internet , however , interest has renewed in his work and perspective .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Walt Disney founded a company.", "evidence": "Walter Elias Disney -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u026azni -RSB- December 5 , 1901December 15 , 1966 -RRB- was an American entrepreneur , animator , voice actor and film producer . A pioneer of the American animation industry , he introduced several developments in the production of cartoons . As a film producer , Disney holds the record for most Academy Awards earned by an individual , having won 22 Oscars from 59 nominations . He was presented with two Golden Globe Special Achievement Awards and an Emmy Award , among other honors . Several of his films are included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress .   Born in Chicago in 1901 , Disney developed an early interest in drawing . He took art classes as a boy and got a job as a commercial illustrator at the age of 18 . He moved to California in the early 1920s and set up the Disney Brothers Studio with his brother Roy . With Ub Iwerks , Walt developed the character Mickey Mouse in 1928 , his first highly popular success ; he also provided the voice for his creation in the early years . As the studio grew , Disney became more adventurous , introducing synchronized sound , full-color three-strip Technicolor , feature-length cartoons and technical developments in cameras . The results , seen in features such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs -LRB- 1937 -RRB- , Fantasia , Pinocchio -LRB- both 1940 -RRB- , Dumbo -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and Bambi -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , furthered the development of animated film . New animated and live-action films followed after World War II , including the critically successful Cinderella -LRB- 1950 -RRB- and Mary Poppins -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , the latter of which received five Academy Awards .   In the 1950s , Disney expanded into the amusement park industry , and in 1955 he opened Disneyland . To fund the project he diversified into television programs , such as Walt Disney 's Disneyland and The Mickey Mouse Club ; he was also involved in planning the 1959 Moscow Fair , the 1960 Winter Olympics , and the 1964 New York World 's Fair . In 1965 , he began development of another theme park , Disney World , the heart of which was to be a new type of city , the `` Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow '' -LRB- EPCOT -RRB- . Disney was a heavy smoker throughout his life , and died of lung cancer in December 1966 before either the park or the EPCOT project were completed .   Disney was a shy , self-deprecating and insecure man in private , but adopted a warm and outgoing public persona . He had high standards and high expectations of those with whom he worked . Although there have been accusations that he was racist or anti-semitic , they have been contradicted by family members , employees and animation historians . His reputation changed in the years after his death , from a purveyor of homely patriotic values -LRB- in the right -RRB- to a representative of American imperialism -LRB- in the left -RRB- . Nevertheless , Disney is considered a cultural icon , particularly in the United States , where the company he co-founded is one of the world 's largest and best-known entertainment companies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Brock Lesnar won against Randy Couture.", "evidence": "Brock Edward Lesnar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u025bzn\u0259r -RSB- born July 12 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist , amateur wrestler , and professional American football player . He is signed with WWE , where he performs on the Raw brand and is the current WWE Universal Champion in his first reign .   After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota , Lesnar signed with WWE -LRB- then the World Wrestling Federation -RRB- in 2000 . He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he was a three-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin . After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle -LRB- twice -RRB- . Lesnar won the then WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history . He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well . Following his match with Goldberg at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar left the WWE and pursued a career in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- . He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings , but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 -- 2005 season . In 2005 , Lesnar returned to professional wrestling and signed with New Japan Pro-Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , where he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in his first match . After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation -LRB- IGF -RRB- .   In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- , as he signed with Hero 's and won his first fight , against Min-Soo Kim , in June 2007 . He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- the following October . Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring . In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion . Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis . He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion in the process . Lesnar then lost the championship to Cain Velasquez at UFC 121 . In 2011 , he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery . Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December , losing to Alistair Overeem and promptly retiring from MMA . Lesnar was a box office sensation in UFC , as he took part in a some of the best selling pay-per-view events in UFC history , including UFC 100 and UFC 116 .   In April 2012 , Lesnar once again returned to professional wrestling , rejoining WWE after an eight-year hiatus . Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at WrestleMania . He achieved world champion status twice since his return , having won the then WWE World Heavyweight Championship in 2014 and the WWE Universal Championship in 2017 . Lesnar has been managed by Paul Heyman throughout the majority of his professional wrestling career .   In June 2016 at UFC 199 , the UFC announced that Lesnar would return to MMA to fight at UFC 200 . His opponent was later revealed to be Mark Hunt . Lesnar would defeat Hunt via unanimous decision . However , after Lesnar tested positive for clomiphene , a banned substance on the UFC 's anti-doping policy , he was suspended from competing in the UFC by the Nevada State Athletic Commission for one year , fined $ 250,000 and his victory over Hunt was overturned to a no-contest . Lesnar then retired from MMA for a second time in 2017 .   Lesnar is a five-time world champion in WWE , a one-time heavyweight champion in the UFC , a one-time heavyweight champion in NJPW , and a one-time heavyweight wrestling champion in the NCAA , the only person in history to win a championship in each of those organizations . He has headlined numerous pay-per-view events for both the WWE and UFC , including WrestleMania XIX , WrestleMania 31 , UFC 100 and UFC 116 . In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as `` the most accomplished athlete in professional wrestling history '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Guam was employed by America.", "evidence": "Guam -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0261w\u0251\u02d0m -RSB- or -LSB- \u02c8\u0261w\u0252m -RSB- Chamorro : Gu\u00e5h\u00e5n -LSB- \u02c8\u0261\u02b7\u0251h\u0251n -RSB- formally the Territory of Guam -RRB- is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States . Located in the western Pacific Ocean , Guam is one of five American territories with an established civilian government . The capital city is Hag\u00e5t\u00f1a and the most populous city is Dededo . In 2015 , 161,785 people resided on Guam . Guamanians are American citizens by birth . Guam has an area of 210 sq mi -LRB- 544 km \u00b2 -RRB- and a population density of 770/sq mi -LRB- 297/km \u00b2 -RRB- . It is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands and the largest island in Micronesia . Among its municipalities , Mongmong-Toto-Maite has the highest density at 3,691 / sq mi -LRB- 1,425 / km \u00b2 -RRB- , whereas Inarajan and Umatac have the lowest density at 119/sq mi -LRB- 47/km \u00b2 -RRB- . The highest point is Mount Lamlam at 406 m above sea level .   The Chamorros , Guam 's indigenous people , settled the island approximately 4,000 years ago . Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan was the first European to visit the island on March 6 , 1521 . Guam was colonized in 1668 with settlers , like Diego Luis de San Vitores , a Catholic missionary . Between the 16th century and the 18th century , Guam was an important stopover for the Spanish Manila Galleons . During the Spanish -- American War , the United States captured Guam on June 21 , 1898 . Under the Treaty of Paris , Spain ceded Guam to the United States on December 10 , 1898 . Guam is among the seventeen Non-Self-Governing Territories of the United Nations .   Before World War II , Guam and four other territories -- American Samoa , Hawaii , Wake Island , and the Philippines -- were the only American jurisdictions in the Pacific Ocean . On December 7 , 1941 , hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor , Guam was captured by the Japanese , who occupied the island for thirty months . During the occupation , Guamanians were subjected to beheadings , forced labor , rape , and torture . Guam endured hostilities when American forces recaptured the island on July 21 , 1944 ; Liberation Day commemorates the victory . Since the 1960s , the economy has been supported by two industries : tourism and the United States Armed Forces .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sweden is a Scandinavian country.", "evidence": "Sweden -LRB- Konungariket Sverige -RRB- , is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe . It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east , and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the \u00d6resund . At 450295 km2 , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area , with a total population of 10.0 million . Sweden consequently has a low population density of 22 PD/km2 , with the highest concentration in the southern half of the country . Approximately 85 % of the population lives in urban areas .   Germanic peoples have inhabited Sweden since prehistoric times , emerging into history as the Geats/G \u00f6tar and Swedes/Svear and constituting the sea peoples known as the Norsemen . Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural , while the north is heavily forested . Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia . The climate is in general very mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence , that in spite of this still retains warm continental summers . Today , Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy , with a monarch as head of state . The capital city is Stockholm , which is also the most populous city in the country . Legislative power is vested in the 349-member unicameral Riksdag . Executive power is exercised by the government chaired by the prime minister . Sweden is a unitary state , currently divided into 21 counties and 290 municipalities .   Sweden emerged as an independent and unified country during the Middle Ages . In the 17th century , it expanded its territories to form the Swedish Empire , which became one of the great powers of Europe until the early 18th century . Swedish territories outside the Scandinavian Peninsula were gradually lost during the 18th and 19th centuries , ending with the annexation of present-day Finland by Russia in 1809 . The last war in which Sweden was directly involved was in 1814 , when Norway was militarily forced into personal union . Since then , Sweden has been at peace , maintaining an official policy of neutrality in foreign affairs . The union with Norway was peacefully dissolved in 1905 , leading to Sweden 's current borders . Though Sweden was formally neutral through both world wars , Sweden engaged in humanitarian efforts , such as taking in refugees from German-occupied Europe .   After the end of the Cold War , Sweden joined the European Union on 1 January 1995 , but declined NATO membership , as well as Eurozone membership following a referendum . It is also a member of the United Nations , the Nordic Council , Council of Europe , the World Trade Organization and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- . Sweden maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens . It has the world 's eighth-highest per capita income and ranks highly in numerous metrics of national performance , including quality of life , health , education , protection of civil liberties , economic competitiveness , equality , prosperity and human development .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "One of Future's studio albums was published in 2017.", "evidence": "Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn -LRB- born November 20 , 1983 -RRB- , known professionally as Future , is an American rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer . Born and raised in Atlanta , Georgia , Wilburn first became involved in music as part of the Dungeon Family collective , where he was nicknamed `` the Future '' . After amassing a series of mixtapes between 2010 and 2011 , Future signed a major record label deal with Epic Records and A1 Recordings , which helped launch Future 's own label imprint , Freebandz . He subsequently released his debut album , Pluto , in April 2012 to positive reviews . Future 's second album , Honest , was released in April 2014 , surpassing his debut on the album charts .   Between late 2014 and early 2015 , he released a trio of mixtapes to critical praise : Monster -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Beast Mode -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and 56 Nights -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . His next releases , DS2 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , What a Time to Be Alive -LRB- 2015 , in collaboration with Drake -RRB- , EVOL -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , FUTURE -LRB- 2017 -RRB- and HNDRXX -LRB- 2017 -RRB- all debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 . The latter two made him the first artist to debut two albums in consecutive weeks at the top of that chart . Future has also released several singles certified gold or higher by the RIAA , including `` Turn On the Lights '' , `` Move That Dope '' , `` Fuck Up Some Commas '' , `` Where Ya At '' , `` Jumpman '' , `` Low Life '' and `` Mask Off '' .  Future is the fifth studio album by American rapper Future . It was released on February 17 , 2017 , by A1 Recordings , Freebandz and Epic Records . The album features production by Metro Boomin , Zaytoven , DJ Khaled , The Beat Bully , Southside , Avery Morae , alongside the production from other members of 808 Mafia , among others .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Dhawan is a director of films.", "evidence": "David Dhawan -LRB- born Rajinder Dhawan on 16 August 1955 -RRB- is an Indian film director who works in Hindi films . He is the father of Bollywood actor Varun Dhawan and director Rohit Dhawan . He is best known for directing several successful films , including the comedies Swarg -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Shola Aur Shabnam -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Judwaa -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Mujhse Shaadi Karogi -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya ? -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Partner -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Chashme Baddoor -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Main Tera Hero -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . The 1993 action thriller Aankhen and the 1999 comedy Biwi No. 1 earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director nominations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "This Sporting Life was directed by a director born in 1919.", "evidence": "This Sporting Life is a 1963 British feature film based on the 1960 novel of the same name by David Storey , which won the 1960 Macmillan Fiction Award . It recounts the story of a rugby league footballer , Frank Machin , in Wakefield , a mining area of Yorkshire , whose romantic life is not as successful as his sporting life . Storey , a former professional rugby league footballer , also wrote the screenplay .   The film stars Richard Harris , Rachel Roberts , William Hartnell and Alan Badel . It was directed by Lindsay Anderson . The film was Richard Harris 's first starring role , and won him a Best Actor Award at the 1963 Cannes Film Festival . He was also nominated for an Oscar for Best Actor in a Leading Role . Rachel Roberts won her second BAFTA award for This Sporting Life and an Oscar nomination for best actress . Harris was nominated for the BAFTA that year as well . The film opened at the Odeon Leicester Square in London 's West End on 7 February 1963 .  Lindsay Gordon Anderson -LRB- 17 April 1923 -- 30 August 1994 -RRB- was a British feature film , theatre and documentary director , film critic , and leading light of the Free Cinema movement and the British New Wave . He is most widely remembered for his 1968 film if ... , which won the Palme d'Or at Cannes Film Festival and was Malcolm McDowell 's cinematic debut . He is also notable , though not a professional actor , for playing a minor role in the Academy Award winning film Chariots of Fire . Malcolm McDowell produced a 2007 documentary about his experiences with Lindsay Anderson , Never Apologize .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "International Relations includes technology and engineering, economics, communication studies, history, international law, demography, philosophy, geography, social work, sociology, anthropology, criminology, psychology, gender studies, cultural studies, culturology, and diplomacy, globalization, diplomatic relations, state sovereignty, international security, ecological sustainability, nuclear proliferation, nationalism, economic development, global finance, as well as terrorism and organized crime, human security, foreign interventionism, and human rights, as well, as, more recently, comparative religion.", "evidence": "International relations -LRB- IR -RRB- or international affairs , depending on academic institution , is either a field of political science , an interdisciplinary academic field similar to global studies , or an entirely independent academic discipline in which students take a variety of internationally focused courses in social science and humanities disciplines . In both cases , the field studies relationships between political entities -LRB- polities -RRB- such as states , sovereign states , empires , inter-governmental organizations -LRB- IGOs -RRB- , international non-governmental organizations -LRB- INs -RRB- , non-governmental organizations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- , and multinational corporations -LRB- MNCs -RRB- , and the wider world-systems produced by this interaction . International relations is an academic and a public policy field , and so can be positive and normative , because it analyzes and formulates the foreign policy of a given State .   As political activity , international relations dates from the time of the Greek historian Thucydides -LRB- c. 460 -- 395 BC -RRB- , and , in the early 20th century , became a discrete academic field -LRB- No. 5901 in the 4-digit UNESCO Nomenclature -RRB- within political science . In practice International Relations and International Affairs forms a separate academic program or field from Political Science , and the courses taught therein are highly interdisciplinary .   For example , international relations draws from the fields of : technology and engineering , economics , communication studies , history , international law , demography , philosophy , geography , social work , sociology , anthropology , criminology , psychology , gender studies , cultural studies , culturology , and diplomacy . The scope of international relations comprehends globalization , diplomatic relations , state sovereignty , international security , ecological sustainability , nuclear proliferation , nationalism , economic development , global finance , as well as terrorism and organized crime , human security , foreign interventionism , and human rights , as well , as , more recently , comparative religion .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Underworld's main character is a supernatural creature.", "evidence": "Underworld is a 2003 action horror film directed by Len Wiseman and written by Danny McBride , based on a story by McBride , Kevin Grevioux , and Wiseman . The film centers on the secret history of vampires and lycans -LRB- an abbreviated form of lycanthrope , which means werewolf -RRB- . It is the first installment in the Underworld franchise . The main plot revolves around Selene -LRB- Kate Beckinsale -RRB- , a vampire Death Dealer hunting Lycans . She finds herself attracted to a human , Michael Corvin -LRB- Scott Speedman -RRB- , who is being targeted by the Lycans . After Michael is bitten by a Lycan , Selene must decide whether to do her duty and kill him or go against her clan and save him . Alongside Beckinsale and Speedman , the film stars Michael Sheen , Shane Brolly , and Bill Nighy .   An international co-production between companies from the United Kingdom , Germany , Hungary , and the United States , the film was released on September 19 , 2003 . Upon its release , the film received generally negative reviews from critics , but a smaller number of reviewers praised elements such as the film 's stylish Gothic visuals , the `` icy English composure '' in Kate Beckinsale 's performance , and the extensively worked-out vampire -- werewolf mythology that serves as the film 's backstory . A surprise hit , the film grossed $ 95 million against a production budget of $ 22 million . The film was followed by Underworld : Evolution , released three years later , and by three other films .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Avenged Sevenfold released an album.", "evidence": "Avenged Sevenfold -LRB- sometimes abbreviated as A7X -RRB- is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1999 . The band 's current lineup consists of lead vocalist M. Shadows , rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Zacky Vengeance , lead guitarist and backing vocalist Synyster Gates , bassist and backing vocalist Johnny Christ , and drummer Brooks Wackerman .   Avenged Sevenfold is known for its diverse rock sound and dramatic imagery in album covers and merchandise . Avenged Sevenfold emerged with a metalcore sound on the band 's debut Sounding the Seventh Trumpet . However , Avenged Sevenfold 's style had evolved by the band 's third album and first major label release , City of Evil , into a heavy metal and hard rock style . The band continued to explore new sounds with its self-titled release and enjoyed continued mainstream success before their drummer , James `` The Rev '' Sullivan , died in 2009 . Despite his death , Avenged Sevenfold continued on with the help of now-former Dream Theater drummer Mike Portnoy and released and toured in support of its fifth album Nightmare in 2010 , which debuted on the top spot of the Billboard 200 , Avenged Sevenfold 's first number one debut . In 2011 drummer Arin Ilejay joined the band on tours and recording . Avenged Sevenfold 's sixth studio album Hail to the King , which was released in 2013 , marked the only Avenged Sevenfold album featuring Arin Ilejay . Hail to the King charted as number 1 on the Billboard 200 , the UK Albums chart , as well as the Finnish , Brazilian , Canadian , and Irish charts . In late 2014 Ilejay left the band , and was replaced by former Bad Religion drummer Brooks Wackerman , but was n't revealed as his replacement until in 2015 the band announced Ilejay 's departure . The band surprise released their seventh studio album titled The Stage on October 28 , 2016 , which debuted as number 4 on the Billboard 200 chart in the US . The Stage is their first conceptual album and it marked another stylistic change for the band , moving towards the progressive metal sound .   To date , Avenged Sevenfold has released seven studio albums , one live album/DVD , two compilation albums and eighteen singles and have sold over 8 million albums worldwide . Avenged Sevenfold was ranked # 47 on Loudwire 's list of Top 50 Metal Bands of All Time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Brock Lesnar defeated someone.", "evidence": "Brock Edward Lesnar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8l\u025bzn\u0259r -RSB- born July 12 , 1977 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and former mixed martial artist , amateur wrestler , and professional American football player . He is signed with WWE , where he performs on the Raw brand and is the current WWE Universal Champion in his first reign .   After his successful amateur wrestling career at Bismarck State College and the University of Minnesota , Lesnar signed with WWE -LRB- then the World Wrestling Federation -RRB- in 2000 . He was assigned to its developmental promotion Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he was a three-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Shelton Benjamin . After debuting on WWE 's main roster in 2002 , he won the WWE Championship on three separate occasions with victories over The Rock and Kurt Angle -LRB- twice -RRB- . Lesnar won the then WWE Undisputed Championship five months after his main roster debut at the age of 25 , becoming the youngest champion in the title 's history . He was also the 2002 King of the Ring and the 2003 Royal Rumble winner , making him the youngest King of the Ring and Royal Rumble winner as well . Following his match with Goldberg at WrestleMania XX , Lesnar left the WWE and pursued a career in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- . He was named a defensive tackle for the Minnesota Vikings , but was cut prior to the start of the 2004 -- 2005 season . In 2005 , Lesnar returned to professional wrestling and signed with New Japan Pro-Wrestling -LRB- NJPW -RRB- , where he won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in his first match . After a contractual dispute with NJPW , he also wrestled as IWGP Heavyweight Champion in the Inoki Genome Federation -LRB- IGF -RRB- .   In 2006 , Lesnar pursued a career in mixed martial arts -LRB- MMA -RRB- , as he signed with Hero 's and won his first fight , against Min-Soo Kim , in June 2007 . He then signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- the following October . Lesnar lost in his UFC debut against Frank Mir and then won his second fight against Heath Herring . In November 2008 , Lesnar defeated Randy Couture to become the UFC Heavyweight Champion . Shortly after a successful title defense in a rematch with Mir , Lesnar was sidelined due to diverticulitis . He would return at UFC 116 to defeat Interim UFC Heavyweight Champion Shane Carwin and unify the heavyweight championships , becoming the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion in the process . Lesnar then lost the championship to Cain Velasquez at UFC 121 . In 2011 , he was once again sidelined due to diverticulitis and underwent surgery . Lesnar returned at UFC 141 in December , losing to Alistair Overeem and promptly retiring from MMA . Lesnar was a box office sensation in UFC , as he took part in a some of the best selling pay-per-view events in UFC history , including UFC 100 and UFC 116 .   In April 2012 , Lesnar once again returned to professional wrestling , rejoining WWE after an eight-year hiatus . Two years later , at WrestleMania XXX , Lesnar defeated The Undertaker to end his undefeated streak at WrestleMania . He achieved world champion status twice since his return , having won the then WWE World Heavyweight Championship in 2014 and the WWE Universal Championship in 2017 . Lesnar has been managed by Paul Heyman throughout the majority of his professional wrestling career .   In June 2016 at UFC 199 , the UFC announced that Lesnar would return to MMA to fight at UFC 200 . His opponent was later revealed to be Mark Hunt . Lesnar would defeat Hunt via unanimous decision . However , after Lesnar tested positive for clomiphene , a banned substance on the UFC 's anti-doping policy , he was suspended from competing in the UFC by the Nevada State Athletic Commission for one year , fined $ 250,000 and his victory over Hunt was overturned to a no-contest . Lesnar then retired from MMA for a second time in 2017 .   Lesnar is a five-time world champion in WWE , a one-time heavyweight champion in the UFC , a one-time heavyweight champion in NJPW , and a one-time heavyweight wrestling champion in the NCAA , the only person in history to win a championship in each of those organizations . He has headlined numerous pay-per-view events for both the WWE and UFC , including WrestleMania XIX , WrestleMania 31 , UFC 100 and UFC 116 . In 2015 , an ESPN.com article referred to Lesnar as `` the most accomplished athlete in professional wrestling history '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Three Days of the Condor includes a Swedish actor.", "evidence": "Three Days of the Condor -LRB- stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor -RRB- is a 1975 American political thriller film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow . The screenplay by Lorenzo Semple Jr. and David Rayfiel was adapted from the 1974 novel Six Days of the Condor by James Grady . The main point of variance from novel to film lies in the presentation of the CIA . In Grady 's book , a rogue element within the Agency is motivated by drug-running greed . In the film , the same individuals act with equal ruthlessness to hide a project intended to protect long-term national interests .   Set mainly in New York City and Washington , D.C. , the film is about a bookish CIA researcher who comes back from lunch , discovers all his co-workers shot dead , and tries to outwit those responsible until he figures out whom he can really trust . The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing . Semple and Rayfiel received an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Motion Picture Screenplay .  Max von Sydow -LRB- -LSB- v\u0252n_\u02c8si\u02d0do\u028a -RSB- Swedish : -LSB- f\u0254n \u02c8sy\u02d0d\u0254v -RSB- born Carl Adolf von Sydow ; 10 April 1929 -RRB- is a Swedish actor who became a French citizen in 2002 . He has appeared in many films in many languages , including Swedish , Norwegian , Danish , German , English , French , Italian , and Spanish . He received the Royal Foundation of Sweden 's Cultural Award in 1954 , was made a Commandeur des Arts et des Lettres in 2005 , and was named a -LSB- Legion of Honour , Chevalier de la L\u00e9gion d'honneur -RSB- on 17 October 2012 .   Sydow has appeared in well over a hundred films and TV shows . Some of his most memorable film roles include Knight Antonius Block in Ingmar Bergman 's The Seventh Seal -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , the first of his eleven films with Bergman and the film that includes the iconic scenes in which he plays chess with Death ; Martin in Through a Glass Darkly -LRB- 1961 -RRB- ; Jesus in The Greatest Story Ever Told -LRB- 1965 -RRB- ; Oktober in The Quiller Memorandum -LRB- 1966 -RRB- ; Karl Oskar Nilsson in The Emigrants -LRB- 1971 -RRB- ; Roy Lindberg in The Apple War -LRB- 1971 -RRB- ; Father Lankester Merrin in The Exorcist -LRB- 1973 -RRB- ; Joubert the assassin in Three Days of the Condor -LRB- 1975 -RRB- ; Ming the Merciless in Flash Gordon -LRB- 1980 -RRB- ; the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld in the James Bond film Never Say Never Again -LRB- 1983 -RRB- ; Liet-Kynes in Dune -LRB- 1984 -RRB- ; Frederick in Hannah and Her Sisters -LRB- 1986 -RRB- ; Lassefar in Pelle the Conqueror -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , for which he received his first Academy Award nomination ; Dr Peter Ingham in Awakenings -LRB- 1990 -RRB- ; Lamar Burgess in Minority Report -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ; Josiah Kane in Solomon Kane -LRB- 2009 -RRB- ; Sir Walter Loxley in Robin Hood -LRB- 2010 -RRB- ; The Renter in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , which earned him his second Academy Award nomination ; and Lor San Tekka in `` Star Wars : The Force Awakens '' -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . In 2016 , Sydow joined the cast of HBO 's hit series Game of Thrones , playing the role of the Three-eyed Raven for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tyra Banks presented America's Got Talent.", "evidence": "Tyra Lynne Banks -LRB- born December 4 , 1973 -RRB- is an American television personality , producer , businesswoman , actress , author , former model and occasional singer . Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice . She was a Victoria 's Secret Angel from 1997 to 2005 . By the early 2000s , Banks was one of the world 's top-earning models .   Banks began acting on television in 1993 on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , and made her film debut in Higher Learning in 1995 . She had major roles such as Eve in Disney Channel 's Life-Size and Zoe in the box office hit Coyote Ugly . She had small roles in the romantic film Love & Basketball and horror film Halloween : Resurrection , and appeared in television series Gossip Girl and Glee .   In 2003 , Banks created and began presenting the long-running reality television series America 's Next Top Model , which she executive produced and presented for the first twenty-two seasons until the series ' cancellation in October 2015 . She remained executive producer for the revival of the series , and enlisted Rita Ora as host for the twenty-third cycle before reassuming the duties herself for the upcoming twenty-fourth cycle . Banks was the co-creator of True Beauty , and had her own talk show , The Tyra Banks Show , which aired on The CW for five seasons and won two Daytime Emmy awards for Outstanding Talk Show Informative . She co-hosted the talk show FABLife for two months . In 2017 , Banks will replace Nick Cannon as host of America 's Got Talent for its 12th season .   In 2010 , she published a young adult novel titled Modelland , based on her life as a model which topped The New York Times Best Seller list in 2011 . Banks is one of four African Americans and seven women to have repeatedly ranked among the world 's most influential people by TIME magazine .  Season twelve of the reality competition series America 's Got Talent was ordered on August 2 , 2016 and premiered on NBC on Tuesday , May 30 , 2017 . Howie Mandel , Mel B , Heidi Klum and Simon Cowell will return as judges for their respective eighth , fifth , fifth and second seasons . Supermodel and businesswoman Tyra Banks replaced long-time host Nick Cannon after eight seasons after a feud with NBC making her the first female host of the show . The live shows will return at the Dolby Theatre beginning August 15 , 2017 .   Dunkin Donuts sponsors the show for a third consecutive season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Romelu Lukaku is a golfer.", "evidence": "Romelu Menama Lukaku -LRB- born 13 May 1993 -RRB- is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Everton and the Belgium national team . He is one of only five players to score 50 Premier League goals before his 23rd birthday , and the first foreign player to score 80 before his 24th birthday .   Lukaku started his career with local side Rupel Boom , before joining Lierse , where he earned a move to Anderlecht of the Belgian Pro League in 2006 . Lukaku made his professional debut while still at school at the age of 16 , and became the 2009 -- 10 top scorer in Belgium as Anderlecht won the Belgian championship . He also won the Belgian Ebony Shoe in 2011 . In the 2011 summer transfer window , Lukaku joined Premier League club Chelsea . He did not appear regularly in his first season there , and spent the following two seasons on loan at West Bromwich Albion and Everton respectively , signing permanently for the latter for a club record # 28 million in 2014 .   Lukaku made his senior international debut for Belgium in 2010 , and has since earned over 50 caps . He has also represented the country at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Toy Story is a movie of the buddy comedy adventure genres.", "evidence": "Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . The directorial debut of John Lasseter , Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first theatrical film produced by Pixar .   Taking place in a world where anthropomorphic toys pretend to be lifeless whenever humans are present , the film 's plot focuses on the relationship between Woody , an old-fashioned pullstring cowboy doll -LRB- voiced by Tom Hanks -RRB- , and Buzz Lightyear , an astronaut action figure -LRB- voiced by Tim Allen -RRB- , as they evolve from rivals competing for the affections of Andy , their owner , to friends who work together to be reunited with Andy as his family prepares to move to a new home . The screenplay was written by Joss Whedon , Andrew Stanton , Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow , based on a story by Lasseter , Pete Docter , Stanton and Joe Ranft . The film features music by Randy Newman , and was executive-produced by Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull .   Pixar , which produced short animated films to promote their computers , was approached by Disney to produce a computer-animated feature after the success of their short film Tin Toy -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , which is told from a small toy 's perspective . Lasseter , Stanton and Docter wrote early story treatments which were thrown out by Disney , as they wanted the film to be edgier . After disastrous story reels , production was halted and the script was re-written , better reflecting the tone and theme Pixar desired : that `` toys deeply want children to play with them , and that this desire drives their hopes , fears , and actions '' . The studio , then consisting of a relatively small number of employees , produced the film under minor financial constraints .   Released in theaters on November 22 , 1995 , Toy Story was the highest-grossing film on its opening weekend and earned over $ 373 million worldwide . The film was widely acclaimed by critics , who praised the animation 's technical innovation , the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay , and the performances of Hanks and Allen . It is now considered by many critics to be one of the best animated films ever made . The film received three Academy Award nominations , including Best Original Screenplay , Best Original Score , and Best Original Song for `` You 've Got a Friend in Me '' , as well as winning a Special Achievement Academy Award . It was inducted into the National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' in 2005 , its first year of eligibility .   In addition to home media releases and theatrical re-releases , Toy Story-inspired material has run the gamut from toys , video games , theme park attractions , spin-offs , merchandise , and two sequels -- Toy Story 2 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- -- both of which also garnered massive commercial success and critical acclaim , with a third sequel , Toy Story 4 , slated for a 2019 release .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Al Capone was not prosecuted for tax evasion.", "evidence": "Alphonse Gabriel Capone -LRB- -LSB- \u00e6l_k\u0259\u02c8po\u028an -RSB- January 17 , 1899 -- January 25 , 1947 -RRB- , sometimes known by the nickname Scarface , was an American gangster who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss of the Chicago Outfit . His seven-year reign as crime boss ended when he was 33 years old .   Capone was born in Brooklyn in New York City to Italian immigrants . He was considered a Five Points Gang member who became a bouncer in organized crime premises such as brothels . In his early twenties , he moved to Chicago and became bodyguard and trusted factotum for Johnny Torrio , head of a criminal syndicate that illegally supplied alcohol -- the forerunner of the Outfit -- and that was politically protected through the Unione Siciliana . A conflict with the North Side Gang was instrumental in Capone 's rise and fall . Torrio went into retirement after North Side gunmen almost killed him , handing control to Capone . Capone expanded the bootlegging business through increasingly violent means , but his mutually profitable relationships with mayor William Hale Thompson and the city 's police meant that Capone seemed safe from law enforcement .   Capone apparently reveled in attention , such as the cheers from spectators when he appeared at ball games . He made donations to various charities and was viewed by many to be a `` modern-day Robin Hood '' . However , the Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre of gang rivals , resulting in the killing of seven men in broad daylight , damaged Chicago 's image -- as well as Capone 's -- leading influential citizens to demand governmental action and newspapers to dub him `` Public Enemy No. 1 '' .   The federal authorities became intent on jailing Capone , and they prosecuted him for tax evasion in 1931 , a federal crime and a novel strategy during the era . During the highly publicized case , the judge admitted as evidence Capone 's admissions of his income and unpaid taxes during prior -LRB- and ultimately abortive -RRB- negotiations to pay the government any back taxes he owed . Capone was convicted and sentenced to 11 years in federal prison . After conviction , he replaced his old defense team with experts in tax law , and his grounds for appeal were strengthened by a Supreme Court ruling , but his appeal ultimately failed .   He was already showing signs of syphilitic dementia early in his sentence , and he became increasingly debilitated before being released after eight years . On January 25 , 1947 , Capone died of cardiac arrest after suffering a stroke .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Chet Atkins produced records for Dolly Parton.", "evidence": "Chester Burton `` Chet '' Atkins -LRB- June 20 , 1924 -- June 30 , 2001 -RRB- , known as `` Mr. Guitar '' and `` The Country Gentleman '' , was an American musician , occasional vocalist , songwriter , and record producer , who along with Owen Bradley and Bob Ferguson , among others , created the country music style that came to be known as the Nashville sound , which expanded country music 's appeal to adult pop music fans . He was primarily known as a guitarist . He also played the mandolin , fiddle , banjo , and ukulele .   Atkins ' signature picking style was inspired by Merle Travis . Other major guitar influences were Django Reinhardt , George Barnes , Les Paul , and , later , Jerry Reed . His distinctive picking style and musicianship brought him admirers inside and outside the country scene , both in the United States and abroad . Atkins spent most of his career at RCA Victor and produced records for the Browns , Hank Snow , Porter Wagoner , Norma Jean , Dolly Parton , Dottie West , Perry Como , Floyd Cramer , Elvis Presley , the Everly Brothers , Eddy Arnold , Don Gibson , Jim Reeves , Jerry Reed , Skeeter Davis , Waylon Jennings , and many others .   Among many honors , Atkins received 14 Grammy Awards and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award . He also received nine Country Music Association awards for Instrumentalist of the Year . He was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame , the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum , and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Trevor Baxter went to college at Dulwich College.", "evidence": "Trevor Baxter -LRB- born 18 November 1932 -RRB- is a British actor and playwright . He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .   His credits include : Adam Adamant Lives ! , Z-Cars , Maelstrom , Thriller , Spy Trap , The New Avengers , Jack the Ripper , The Barchester Chronicles and Doctors . He is known for his appearance in the Doctor Who serial The Talons of Weng-Chiang -LRB- 1977 -RRB- as Professor George Litefoot . He reprised his role of Professor Litefoot in an episode of audio series , Doctor Who : The Companion Chronicles : The Mahogany Murderers . The following year he was Professor Litefoot again for a continuing series of Jago & Litefoot .   Trevor Baxter has appeared on stage with the RSC and in the West End , toured Shakespeare in South America with Sir Ralph Richardson , and also appeared in the USA in David Mamet 's A Life in the Theatre at Shakespeare Santa Cruz in 1986 . He has appeared in many films including Nutcracker -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Parting Shots -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Van Wilder : The Rise of Taj -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   He has also written a number of plays including Lies , The Undertaking , and Office Games . His play Ripping Them Off was given its first performance at the Warehouse Theatre Croydon on 5 October 1990 , directed by Ted Craig and designed by Michael Pavelka . The cast consisted of : Ian Targett -LRB- Graham -RRB- , Angus Mackay -LRB- Revd . Parkinson -RRB- , Caroline Blakiston -LRB- Grace -RRB- , Annette Badland -LRB- Hilda -RRB- , Frank Ellis -LRB- Julian -RRB- , Ewart James Walters -LRB- Max -RRB- , Anthony Woodruff -LRB- Pauken -RRB- , Ian Burford -LRB- Inspector Sands -RRB- , Richard Clifford -LRB- Jeff -RRB- and C.P. Grogan -LRB- Susanna -RRB- .   In 2003 he adapted Oscar Wilde 's novella The Picture of Dorian Gray for the stage , followed in March 2005 by a touring version of Wilde 's short story , Lord Arthur Savile 's Crime , revived in January 2010 at the Theatre Royal Windsor , starring Lee Mead in the title role .   In 2013 Baxter continued to record Doctor Who audiobooks for Big Finish Productions as Professor Litefoot , having now completed twelve series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A Song of Ice and Fire is part of an American book series called A Game of Thrones.", "evidence": "A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin . He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 . Martin , who initially envisioned the series as a trilogy , has published five out of a planned seven volumes . The fifth and most recent volume of the series published in 2011 , A Dance with Dragons , took Martin five years to write . He is still writing the sixth novel , The Winds of Winter .   A Song of Ice and Fire takes place on the fictional continents Westeros and Essos . The point of view of each chapter in the story is a limited perspective of a range of characters growing from nine , in the first novel , to thirty-one by the fifth . Three main stories interweave a dynastic war among several families for control of Westeros , the rising threat of the supernatural Others in the northernmost reaches of Westeros , and the ambition of Daenerys Targaryen , the deposed king 's exiled daughter , to assume the Iron Throne .   Martin 's inspirations included the Wars of the Roses and the French historical novels The Accursed Kings by Maurice Druon . A Song of Ice and Fire received praise for its diverse portrayal of women and religion , as well as its realism . An assortment of disparate and subjective points of view confronts the reader , and the success or survival of point of view characters is never assured . Within the often morally ambiguous world of A Song of Ice and Fire , questions concerning loyalty , pride , human sexuality , piety , and the morality of violence frequently arise .   As of April 2015 , the books have sold more than 60 million copies worldwide and , as of January 2017 , have been translated into 47 languages . The fourth and fifth volumes reached the top of The New York Times Best Seller lists upon their releases . Among the many derived works are several prequel novellas , a TV series , a comic book adaptation , and several card , board , and video games .  A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin . He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 . Martin , who initially envisioned the series as a trilogy , has published five out of a planned seven volumes . The fifth and most recent volume of the series published in 2011 , A Dance with Dragons , took Martin five years to write . He is still writing the sixth novel , The Winds of Winter .   A Song of Ice and Fire takes place on the fictional continents Westeros and Essos . The point of view of each chapter in the story is a limited perspective of a range of characters growing from nine , in the first novel , to thirty-one by the fifth . Three main stories interweave a dynastic war among several families for control of Westeros , the rising threat of the supernatural Others in the northernmost reaches of Westeros , and the ambition of Daenerys Targaryen , the deposed king 's exiled daughter , to assume the Iron Throne .   Martin 's inspirations included the Wars of the Roses and the French historical novels The Accursed Kings by Maurice Druon . A Song of Ice and Fire received praise for its diverse portrayal of women and religion , as well as its realism . An assortment of disparate and subjective points of view confronts the reader , and the success or survival of point of view characters is never assured . Within the often morally ambiguous world of A Song of Ice and Fire , questions concerning loyalty , pride , human sexuality , piety , and the morality of violence frequently arise .   As of April 2015 , the books have sold more than 60 million copies worldwide and , as of January 2017 , have been translated into 47 languages . The fourth and fifth volumes reached the top of The New York Times Best Seller lists upon their releases . Among the many derived works are several prequel novellas , a TV series , a comic book adaptation , and several card , board , and video games .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Many voice actors act in Timon & Pumbaa.", "evidence": "The Lion King 's Timon & Pumbaa , often simply referred to as Timon & Pumbaa , is an American animated television series created by Walt Disney Television Animation . It centers on Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog from Disney 's 1994 film The Lion King . The show ran for three seasons on CBS , Disney Channel , Toon Disney , and in syndication as a part of The Disney Afternoon . It aired from September 8 , 1995 to September 24 , 1999 . It is also the first Lion King related media to show humans , as humans were not present in the movie . It is the first of two television series to be based on the film , the second being The Lion Guard .   In 2004 , Timon and Pumbaa starred in their own released feature film The Lion King 1 1/2 , a direct-to-video adaptation of the television series to the first of two films . Robert Guillaume , Matthew Broderick , Cam Clarke , Julie Kavner and Estelle Harris , Nathan Lane , Quinton Flynn , Kevin Schon , Ernie Sabella , Scott Bullock and Jerry Stiller , provided the voices of Rafiki , Simba , Timon 's Mother , Timon , Pumbaa , Fred and Uncle Max respectively in The Lion King 1 1/2 , and two seasons of television series episodes Mombasa-In-Law/The Laughing Hyenas : TV Dinner , Once Upon a Timon .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jeff Bridges played a role in an American Revisionist Western film.", "evidence": "Jeffrey Leon Bridges -LRB- born December 4 , 1949 -RRB- is an American actor , singer , and producer . He comes from a prominent acting family and appeared on the television series Sea Hunt -LRB- 1958 -- 60 -RRB- , with his father , Lloyd Bridges and brother , Beau Bridges . He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis `` Bad '' Blake in the 2009 film Crazy Heart , and earned Academy Award nominations for his roles in The Last Picture Show -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , Thunderbolt and Lightfoot -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Starman -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , The Contender -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , True Grit -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and Hell or High Water -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . His other films include Tron -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Jagged Edge -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , The Fabulous Baker Boys -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , The Fisher King -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Fearless -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , The Big Lebowski -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Seabiscuit -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Iron Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Tron : Legacy -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and The Giver -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .  True Grit is a 2010 American Revisionist Western film directed , written , produced , and edited by the Coen brothers and executive produced by Steven Spielberg . It is the second adaptation of Charles Portis ' 1968 novel of the same name , which was previously filmed in 1969 starring John Wayne and Glen Campbell . This version stars Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross and Jeff Bridges as Deputy U.S. Marshal Reuben J. `` Rooster '' Cogburn , along with Matt Damon , Josh Brolin , and Barry Pepper .   Feisty 14 year-old farm girl Mattie Ross hires Cogburn , a boozy , trigger-happy lawman after an outlaw named Tom Chaney -LRB- Brolin -RRB- murders her father . The bickering duo are accompanied on their quest by a Texas Ranger named LaBoeuf -LRB- Damon -RRB- who has been tracking Chaney for killing a State Senator . As they embark on a dangerous adventure , each character has his or her `` grit '' tested in different ways .   Filming began in March 2010 , and the film was officially released in the U. S. on December 22 , 2010 after advance screenings earlier that month . The film opened the 61st Berlin International Film Festival on February 10 , 2011 . It was well received by critics , garnering a 96 % Rotten Tomatoes score . It was nominated for ten Academy Awards : Best Picture , Best Director , Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Actor in a Leading Role -LRB- Bridges -RRB- , Best Actress in a Supporting Role -LRB- Steinfeld -RRB- , Best Art Direction , Best Cinematography , Best Costume Design , Best Sound Mixing , and Best Sound Editing . However , it did n't win any of its nominations . The film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on June 7 , 2011 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Zach Galifianakis starred in a film.", "evidence": "Zachary Knight Galifianakis -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccg\u00e6l\u1d7bf\u0259\u02c8n\u00e6k\u1d7bs -RSB- born October 1 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actor , writer and comedian . He came to prominence with his Comedy Central Presents special in 2001 and presented his own show called Late World with Zach on VH1 the following year . He has also starred in films , such as The Hangover trilogy -LRB- 2009 -- 2013 -RRB- , Due Date -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , The Campaign -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Puss in Boots -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Masterminds -LRB- 2016 -RRB- and The Lego Batman Movie -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .   He currently hosts the Emmy Award-winning talk show Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis on the Funny or Die website and executive produces , writes , and stars in the dark comedy series Baskets on FX .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nigeria is one of the countries in the Next Eleven.", "evidence": "The Federal Republic of Nigeria -LSB- na\u026a\u02c8d\u0292\u026a\u0259ri\u0259 -RSB- , commonly referred to as Nigeria , is a federal republic in West Africa , bordering Benin in the west , Chad and Cameroon in the east , and Niger in the north . Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean . It comprises 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory , where the capital , Abuja is located . Nigeria is officially a democratic secular country .   Modern-day Nigeria has been the site of numerous kingdoms and tribal states over the millennia . The modern state originated from British colonial rule beginning in the 19th century , and the merging of the Southern Nigeria Protectorate and Northern Nigeria Protectorate in 1914 . The British set up administrative and legal structures whilst practising indirect rule through traditional chiefdoms . Nigeria became a formally independent federation in 1960 , and plunged into a civil war from 1967 to 1970 . It has since alternated between democratically elected civilian governments and military dictatorships , until it achieved a stable democracy in 1999 , with the 2011 presidential elections considered the first to be reasonably free and fair .   Nigeria is often referred to as the `` Giant of Africa '' , owing to its large population and economy . With approximately 184 million inhabitants , Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world . Nigeria has one of the largest populations of youth in the world . The country is viewed as a multinational state , as it is inhabited by over 500 ethnic groups , of which the three largest are the Hausa , Igbo and Yoruba ; these ethnic groups speak over 500 different languages , and are identified with wide variety of cultures . The official language is English . Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Christians , who live mostly in the southern part of the country , and Muslims in the northern part . A minority of the population practise religions indigenous to Nigeria , such as those native to the Igbo and Yoruba ethnicities .   , Nigeria is the world 's 20th largest economy , worth more than $ 500 billion and $ 1 trillion in terms of nominal GDP and purchasing power parity respectively . It overtook South Africa to become Africa 's largest economy in 2014 . The 2013 debt-to-GDP ratio was 11 percent . Nigeria is considered to be an emerging market by the World Bank ; it has been identified as a regional power on the African continent , a middle power in international affairs , and has also been identified as an emerging global power . Nigeria is a member of the MINT group of countries , which are widely seen as the globe 's next `` BRIC-like '' economies . It is also listed among the `` Next Eleven '' economies set to become among the biggest in the world . Nigeria is a founding member of the African Union and a member of many other international organizations , including the United Nations , the Commonwealth of Nations and OPEC .  The Next Eleven -LRB- known also by the numeronym N-11 -RRB- are the eleven countries -- Bangladesh , Egypt , Indonesia , Iran , Mexico , Nigeria , Pakistan , the Philippines , Turkey , South Korea and Vietnam -- identified by Goldman Sachs investment bank and economist Jim O'Neill in a research paper as having a high potential of becoming , along with the BRICS countries , among the world 's largest economies in the 21st century . The bank chose these states , all with promising outlooks for investment and future growth , on December 12 , 2005 . At the end of 2011 , the four most prominent countries in the Next Eleven , Mexico , Indonesia , Nigeria and Turkey -LRB- commonly referret to as MINT -RRB- , made up 73 percent of all Next Eleven GDP . BRIC GDP was $ 13.5 trillion , MINT GDP comprising almost 30 percent of that : $ 3.9 trillion .   The criteria that Goldman Sachs used were macroeconomic stability , political maturity , openness of trade and investment policies , and the quality of education . The N-11 paper is a follow-up to the bank 's 2003 paper on the four emerging `` BRIC '' economies , Brazil , Russia , India , and China . It can be compared with the CIVETS list coined by Robert Ward , global forecasting director for the Economist Intelligence Unit -LRB- EIU -RRB- -- having a few differences , but many similarities .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Angela Lansbury got significant recognition for her acting performance in The Manchurian Candidate.", "evidence": "Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury , -LRB- born 16 October 1925 -RRB- is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter . Her career has spanned seven decades , much of it in the United States , and her work has attracted international attention .   Lansbury was born to an upper-middle-class family in central London , the daughter of actress Moyna Macgill and politician Edgar Lansbury . To escape the Blitz , in 1940 she moved to the United States with her mother and two younger brothers , and studied acting in New York City . Proceeding to Hollywood in 1942 , she signed to MGM and obtained her first film roles , in Gaslight -LRB- 1944 -RRB- and The Picture of Dorian Gray -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , earning her two Oscar nominations and a Golden Globe Award . She appeared in eleven further MGM films , mostly in minor roles , and after her contract ended in 1952 she began supplementing her cinematic work with theatrical appearances . Although largely seen as a B-list star during this period , her appearance in the film The Manchurian Candidate -LRB- 1962 -RRB- received widespread acclaim and is cited as being one of her finest performances . Moving into musical theatre , Lansbury finally gained stardom for playing the leading role in the Broadway musical Mame -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , which earned her a range of awards and established her as a gay icon .   Amid difficulties in her personal life , Lansbury moved from California to County Cork , Ireland , in 1970 , and continued with a variety of theatrical and cinematic appearances throughout that decade . These included leading roles in the stage musicals Gypsy , Sweeney Todd , and The King and I , as well as in the hit Disney film Bedknobs and Broomsticks -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Moving into television , she achieved worldwide fame as fictional writer and sleuth Jessica Fletcher in the American whodunit series Murder , She Wrote , which ran for twelve seasons from 1984 until 1996 , becoming one of the longest-running and most popular detective drama series in television history . Through Corymore Productions , a company that she co-owned with her husband Peter Shaw , Lansbury assumed ownership of the series and was its executive producer for the final four seasons . She also moved into voice work , thereby contributing to animated films such as Disney 's Beauty and the Beast -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . Since then , she has toured in a variety of international theatrical productions and continued to make occasional film appearances .   In 2014 , Lansbury was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II in a ceremony at Windsor Castle for `` services to drama , charitable work , and philanthropy . '' Lansbury has received an Honorary Oscar and has won five Tony Awards , six Golden Globes , an Olivier Award , and one Grammy Award . She has also been nominated for numerous other industry awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress on three occasions , and various Primetime Emmy Awards on eighteen occasions . She has been the subject of three biographies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Murray was played by Keegan-Michael Key in Hotel Transylvania 2.", "evidence": "Hotel Transylvania 2 is a 2015 American 3D computer animated fantasy-comedy film . It is the second installment in the Hotel Transylvania franchise , and the sequel to the 2012 film Hotel Transylvania , with its director , Genndy Tartakovsky , and writer , Robert Smigel , returning for the film . Produced by Sony Pictures Animation , it was animated by Sony Pictures Imageworks , with an additional funding provided by LStar Capital .   Hotel Transylvania 2 takes place seven years after the first film , with the hotel now open to human guests . Mavis and Johnny have a young son named Dennis , whose lack of any vampire abilities worries his grandfather Dracula . When Mavis and Johnny go on a visit to Johnny 's parents , Dracula calls his friends to help him make Dennis a vampire . Soon , things turn upside-down when Dracula 's old-school human-hating father Vlad unexpectedly visits the hotel .   Original voices from the first film -- Adam Sandler , Andy Samberg , Selena Gomez , Kevin James , Steve Buscemi , David Spade , Fran Drescher , Molly Shannon -- returned for the sequel , with Keegan-Michael Key replacing CeeLo Green as Murray . New additions to the cast include Mel Brooks as Count Dracula 's father , Vlad ; Nick Offerman and Megan Mullally as Jonathan 's parents , Mike and Linda ; and Asher Blinkoff as Mavis and Johnny 's half-human/half-vampire son , Dennis . The film was released on September 25 , 2015 , by Columbia Pictures and was a box office success .   A third film , titled Hotel Transylvania 3 , is scheduled to be released on July 13 , 2018 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Born Naked is an album.", "evidence": "Born Naked is the seventh studio album from American singer-songwriter , actor and drag queen RuPaul . It was released on iTunes and Amazon through RuCo on February 24 , 2014 , coinciding with the sixth season premiere of RuPaul 's Drag Race . The album is RuPaul 's highest charting to date , reaching 4th position on US Billboard 's Dance/Electronic Albums list . The album is a mix of electronic , bounce , rock and gospel tunes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Rock music incorporated music genres like a type of blues music distinguished by the use of electric amplification for musical instruments known as electric blues.", "evidence": "Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as `` rock and roll '' in the United States in the early 1950s , and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later , particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States . It has its roots in 1940s and 1950s rock and roll , a style which drew heavily on the African-American genres of blues and rhythm and blues , and from country music . Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk , and incorporated influences from jazz , classical and other musical styles . Musically , rock has centered on the electric guitar , usually as part of a rock group with electric bass and drums and one or more singers . Typically , rock is song-based music usually with a 4/4 time signature using a verse-chorus form , but the genre has become extremely diverse . Like pop music , lyrics often stress romantic love but also address a wide variety of other themes that are frequently social or political .   By the late 1960s `` classic rock '' period , a number of distinct rock music subgenres had emerged , including hybrids like blues rock , folk rock , country rock , raga rock , and jazz-rock , many of which contributed to the development of psychedelic rock , which was influenced by the countercultural psychedelic and hippie scene . New genres that emerged included progressive rock , which extended the artistic elements ; glam rock , which highlighted showmanship and visual style ; and the diverse and enduring subgenre of heavy metal , which emphasized volume , power , and speed . In the second half of the 1970s , punk rock reacted by producing stripped-down , energetic social and political critiques . Punk was an influence in the 1980s on new wave , post-punk and eventually alternative rock . From the 1990s alternative rock began to dominate rock music and break into the mainstream in the form of grunge , Britpop , and indie rock . Further fusion subgenres have since emerged , including pop punk , rap rock , and rap metal , as well as conscious attempts to revisit rock 's history , including the garage rock/post-punk and synth-pop revivals at the beginning of the 2000s -LRB- decade -RRB- .   Rock music has also embodied and served as the vehicle for cultural and social movements , leading to major subcultures including mods and rockers in the UK and the hippie counterculture that spread out from San Francisco in the US in the 1960s . Similarly , 1970s punk culture spawned the goth and emo subcultures . Inheriting the folk tradition of the protest song , rock music has been associated with political activism as well as changes in social attitudes to race , sex and drug use , and is often seen as an expression of youth revolt against adult consumerism and conformity .  Electric blues refers to any type of blues music distinguished by the use of electric amplification for musical instruments . The guitar was the first instrument to be popularly amplified and used by early pioneers T-Bone Walker in the late 1930s and John Lee Hooker and Muddy Waters in the 1940s . Their styles developed into West Coast blues , Detroit blues , and post-World War II Chicago blues , which differed from earlier , predominantly acoustic-style blues . By the early 1950s , Little Walter was a featured soloist on blues harmonica or blues harp using a small hand-held microphone fed into a guitar amplifier . Although it took a little longer , the electric bass guitar gradually replaced the stand-up bass by the early 1960s . Electric organs and especially keyboards later became widely used in electric blues .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Reba McEntire sang on radio shows.", "evidence": "Reba Nell McEntire -LRB- born March 28 , 1955 -RRB- is an American country singer , songwriter , actress , and record producer . She began her career in the music industry as a high school student singing in the Kiowa High School band , on local radio shows with her siblings , and at rodeos . While a sophomore in college , she performed the National Anthem at the National Rodeo in Oklahoma City and caught the attention of country artist Red Steagall who brought her to Nashville , Tennessee . She signed a contract with Mercury Records a year later in 1975 . She released her first solo album in 1977 and released five additional studio albums under the label until 1983 .   Signing with MCA Nashville Records , McEntire took creative control over her second MCA album , My Kind of Country -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , which had a more traditional country sound and produced two number one singles : `` How Blue '' and `` Somebody Should Leave '' . The album brought her breakthrough success , bringing her a series of successful albums and number one singles in the 1980s and 1990s . McEntire has since released 29 studio albums , acquired 40 number one singles , 16 number one albums , and 28 albums have been certified gold , platinum or multi-platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America . She has sometimes been referred to as `` The Queen of Country '' . and she is one of the best-selling artists of all time , having sold more than 85 million records worldwide .   In the early 1990s , McEntire branched into film starting with 1990 's Tremors . She has since starred in the Broadway revival of Annie Get Your Gun and in her television sitcom , Reba -LRB- 2001 -- 07 -RRB- for which she was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series -- Musical or Comedy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Constitution of Medina was written by Muhammad.", "evidence": "Mu\u1e25ammad ibn \u02bfAbd All\u0101hFull name : Ab\u016b al-Q\u0101sim Mu\u1e25ammad ibn \u02bfAbd All\u0101h ibn \u02bfAbd al-Mu\u1e6d\u1e6dalib ibn H\u0101shim -LRB- \u0627\u0628\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0642\u0627\u0633\u0645 \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0639\u0628\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0639\u0628\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0637\u0644\u0628 \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0647\u0627\u0634\u0645 , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim -RRB- -LRB- \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f -LSB- mu\u0127ammad -RSB- ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE -RRB- is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims . According to Islamic doctrine , he was God 's Messenger -LRB- ras\u016bl All\u0101h -RRB- sent to confirm the essential teachings of monotheism preached previously by Adam , Abraham , Moses , Jesus , and other prophets . He is viewed as the final prophet of God in primary branches of Islam , though some modern denominations diverge from this belief.The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community considers Muhammad to be the `` Seal of the Prophets '' -LRB- Kh\u0101tam an-Nabiyy\u012bn -RRB- and the last law-bearing Prophet but not the last Prophet . See :   There are also smaller sects which believe Muhammad to be not the last Prophet :  The Nation of Islam considers Elijah Muhammad to be a prophet -LRB- source : African American Religious Leaders -- p. 76 , Jim Haskins , Kathleen Benson -- 2008 -RRB- .  United Submitters International consider Rashad Khalifa to be a prophet . -LRB- Source : Daniel Pipes , Miniatures : Views of Islamic and Middle Eastern Politics , p. 98 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -RRB- Muhammad united Arabia into a single Muslim polity and ensured that his teachings , practices , and the Quran , formed the basis of Islamic religious belief .   Born approximately 570CE -LRB- Year of the Elephant -RRB- in the Arabian city of Mecca , Muhammad was orphaned at an early age ; he was raised under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib . Periodically , he would seclude himself in a mountain cave named Hira for several nights of prayer ; later , at age 40 , he reported being visited by Gabriel in the cave , where he stated he received his first revelation from God . Three years later , in 610 , Muhammad started preaching these revelations publicly , proclaiming that `` God is One '' , that complete `` surrender '' -LRB- lit . isl\u0101m -RRB- to him is the right course of action -LRB- d\u012bn -RRB- , and that he was a prophet and messenger of God , similar to the other prophets in Islam .   Muhammad gained few early followers , and met hostility from some Meccan tribes . To escape persecution , Muhammad sent some followers to Abyssinia before he and his followers migrated from Mecca to Medina -LRB- then known as Yathrib -RRB- in the year 622 . This event , the Hijra , marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar , also known as the Hijri Calendar . In Medina , Muhammad united the tribes under the Constitution of Medina . In December 629 , after eight years of intermittent conflict with Meccan tribes , Muhammad gathered an army of 10,000 Muslim converts and marched on the city of Mecca . The attack went largely uncontested and Muhammad seized the city with little bloodshed . In 632 , a few months after returning from the Farewell Pilgrimage , he fell ill and died . Before his death , most of the Arabian Peninsula had converted to Islam .   The revelations -LRB- each known as Ayah , lit . `` Sign -LSB- of God -RSB- '' -RRB- , which Muhammad reported receiving until his death , form the verses of the Quran , regarded by Muslims as the `` Word of God '' and around which the religion is based . Besides the Quran , Muhammad 's teachings and practices -LRB- sunnah -RRB- , found in the Hadith and sira literature , are also upheld by Muslims and used as sources of Islamic law -LRB- see Sharia -RRB- .  The Constitution of Medina -LRB- \u062f\u0633\u062a\u0648\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062f\u064a\u0646\u0629 , Dast\u016br al-Mad\u012bnah -RRB- , also known as the Charter of Medina -LRB- \u0635\u062d\u064a\u0641\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062f\u064a\u0646\u0629 , \u1e62a\u1e25\u012bfat al-Mad\u012bnah ; or : \u0645\u064a\u062b\u0627\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062f\u064a\u0646\u0629 , M\u012bth\u0101q al-Mad\u012bnah -RRB- , was drafted by the Islamic prophet Muhammad shortly after his arrival at Medina -LRB- then known as Yathrib -RRB- in 622 CE -LRB- or 1 AH -RRB- , following the Hijra from Mecca .   The preamble declares the document to be `` a book -LSB- kitab -RSB- of the prophet Muhammad to operate between the believers -LSB- mu ` minin -RSB- and Muslims from the Quraysh tribe and from Yathrib and those who may be under them and wage war in their company '' declaring them to constitute `` one nation -LSB- ummah w\u0101\u1e25idah -RSB- separate from all peoples '' . The constitution established the collective responsibility of nine constituent tribes for their members ' actions , specifically emphasising blood money and ransom payment . The first constituent group mentioned are the Qurayshi migrants , and then eight other tribes . Eight Jewish groups are recognized as part of the Yathrib community , and their religious separation from Muslims is established . The Jewish Banu Ash shutbah tribe are inserted as one of the Jewish groups , rather than with the nine tribes mentioned earlier in the document . The constitution also established Muhammad as the mediating authority between groups and forbids the waging of war without his authorization .   The constitution formed the basis of a multi-religious Islamic state in Medina .   The constitution was created to end the bitter inter-tribal fighting between the rival clans of Banu Aws and Banu Khazraj in Medina , and to maintain peace and cooperation among all Medinan groups . Establishing the role of Muhammad as the mediating authority between these two groups and all others in Medina was central to the ending of Medinan internal violence and was an essential feature of the constitution . The document ensured freedom of religious beliefs and practices for all citizens who `` follow the believers '' . It assured that representatives of all parties , Muslim or non-Muslim , should be present when consultation occurs or in cases of negotiation with foreign states . It declared `` a woman will only be given protection with the consent of her family '' , and imposed a tax system for supporting the community in times of conflict . It declared the role of Medina as a \u1e25aram -LRB- \u062d\u0631\u0645 , `` sacred place '' -RRB- , where no blood of the peoples included in the pact can be spilled .   The division of the constitution into numbered articles is not in the original text and , consequently , the numbering of clauses differs in different sources but there is general agreement on the authenticity of the most widely read version of the charter that is found in the pages of Ibn Ishaq 's Sirah Rasul Allah .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sleep can be disrupted by medical conditions.", "evidence": "Sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body characterized by altered consciousness , relatively inhibited sensory activity , inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles , and reduced interactions with surroundings . It is distinguished from wakefulness by a decreased ability to react to stimuli , but is more easily reversed than the state of being comatose . Sleep occurs in repeating periods , in which the body alternates between two highly distinct modes known as non-REM and REM sleep . Although REM stands for `` rapid eye movement '' , this mode of sleep has many other aspects , including virtual paralysis of the body . A well-known feature of sleep is the dream , an experience typically recounted in narrative form , which resembles waking life while in progress , but which usually can later be distinguished as fantasy .   During sleep , most of the body 's systems are in an anabolic state , helping to restore the immune , nervous , skeletal , and muscular systems ; these are vital processes that maintain mood , memory , and cognitive performance and plays a large role in the function of the endocrine and immune systems . The internal circadian clock promotes sleep daily at night . The diverse purposes and mechanisms of sleep are the subject of substantial ongoing research . The advent of artificial light has substantially altered sleep timing in industrialized countries .   Humans may suffer from various sleep disorders , including dyssomnias , such as insomnia , hypersomnia , narcolepsy , and sleep apnea ; parasomnias , such as sleepwalking and REM behavior disorder ; bruxism ; and circadian rhythm sleep disorders .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Frank is by a person.", "evidence": "Frank is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse , released on 20 October 2003 by Island Records . Production for the album took place during 2002 to 2003 and was handled by Winehouse , Salaam Remi , Gordon `` Commissioner Gordon '' Williams , Jimmy Hogarth and Matt Rowe . Its title alludes to the nature and tone of Winehouse 's lyrics on the album , as well as one of her influences , Frank Sinatra .   Upon its release , Frank received generally positive reviews from most music critics and earned Winehouse several accolades , including an Ivor Novello Award . The album has sold over one million copies in the United Kingdom and has been certified triple platinum by the British Phonographic Industry -LRB- BPI -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A German-American fashion model starred in The Host.", "evidence": "The Host is a 2013 American romantic science fiction thriller film adapted from Stephenie Meyer 's novel of the same name . It tells the story of a young woman , Melanie , who is captured after the human race has been taken over by parasitic aliens called `` Souls '' . After Melanie is infused with a soul called `` Wanderer '' , Melanie and the alien `` Soul '' vie for control of her body . Written and directed by Andrew Niccol , the film stars Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , Jake Abel , William Hurt , and Diane Kruger . Released in theaters on March 29 , 2013 , the film was poorly received by critics .  Diane Kruger -LRB- -LSB- di\u02c8a : n\u0259 \u02c8kru : \u0261\u0250 -RSB- ; born Diane Heidkr\u00fcger ; 15 July 1976 -RRB- is a German-American actress and former fashion model .   She is known for roles such as Helen in the epic war film Troy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Dr. Abigail Chase in the adventure/heist film National Treasure -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and its sequel -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bridget von Hammersmark in Quentin Tarantino 's war film Inglourious Basterds -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Anna in the sci-fi drama Mr. Nobody -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Gina in the psychological thriller film Unknown -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Marie Antoinette in the French-language film Farewell , My Queen -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and Jessie in the drama-thriller Disorder -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . She also starred as Detective Sonya Cross in the FX crime drama series The Bridge .   In 2017 , she made her German-language debut in Fatih Akin 's In the Fade , for which she won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Robert Redford guest starred on Perry Mason.", "evidence": "Charles Robert Redford Jr. -LRB- born August 18 , 1936 -RRB- is an American actor , director , producer , businessman , environmentalist , and philanthropist . Redford is the founder of the Sundance Film Festival .   Redford 's career began in 1960 as a guest star on numerous TV shows , including : The Untouchables , Perry Mason , Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and The Twilight Zone , among others . He earned an Emmy nomination as Best Supporting Actor for his performance in The Voice of Charlie Pont -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . His greatest Broadway success was as the stuffy newlywed husband of Elizabeth Ashley in Neil Simon 's Barefoot in the Park -LRB- 1963 -RRB- .   Redford made his film debut in War Hunt -LRB- 1962 -RRB- . His role in Inside Daisy Clover -LRB- 1965 -RRB- won him a Golden Globe for best new star . He starred in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , which was a huge success and made him a major star . In 1972 , he had a critical and box office hit with Jeremiah Johnson -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and in 1973 had the greatest hit of his career , the blockbuster crime caper The Sting , for which he was nominated for an Academy Award . The popular and acclaimed All the President 's Men -LRB- 1976 -RRB- was a landmark film for Redford .   The first film that Redford directed , Ordinary People -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , was one of the most critically and publicly acclaimed films of the decade , winning four Oscars , and in the same year , he starred in Brubaker -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . He starred in Out of Africa -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , which was an enormous critical and box office success , and won seven Oscars including Best Picture , proving to be his greatest success of the decade . He released his third film as a director , A River Runs Through It , in 1992 .   Redford won the Academy Award for Best Director in 1981 for directing Ordinary People . He was previously nominated for Best Actor in 1974 for his performance in The Sting , and went on to receive Best Director and Best Picture nominations in 1995 for Quiz Show . He won a second Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2002 . In 2010 , he was made a chevalier of the L\u00e9gion d'Honneur . He has won BAFTA , Directors Guild of America , Golden Globe , and Screen Actors Guild Awards .   In April 2014 , Time magazine included Redford in their annual Time 100 as one of the `` Most Influential People in the World '' , declaring him the `` Godfather of Indie Film '' . In 2016 , President Barack Obama honored Redford with a Presidential Medal of Freedom .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Katie Stevens is Australian.", "evidence": "Katherine Mari `` Katie '' Stevens -LRB- born December 8 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actress and singer best known for finishing in eighth place on the ninth season of American Idol and starring as Karma Ashcroft in the MTV series Faking It .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Haiti is a member of the World Trade Organization.", "evidence": "Haiti -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8he\u026ati -RSB- Ha\u00efti -LSB- a.iti -RSB- Ayiti -LSB- ajiti -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Haiti and formerly called Hayti , is a country located on the island of Hispaniola in the Greater Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean Sea . It occupies the western three-eighths of the island , which it shares with the Dominican Republic . Haiti is 27750 km2 in size and has an estimated 10.6 million people , making it the most populous country in the Caribbean Community -LRB- CARICOM -RRB- and the second-most populous country in the Caribbean as a whole .   The region was originally inhabited by the indigenous Ta\u00edno people . Spain discovered the island on 5 December 1492 during the first voyage of Christopher Columbus across the Atlantic . When Columbus initially landed in Haiti , he had thought he had found India or Asia . On Christmas Day 1492 , Columbus ' flagship the Santa Maria ran aground north of what is now Limonade . As a consequence , Columbus ordered his men to salvage what they could from the ship , and he created the first European settlement in the Americas , naming it La Navidad after the day the ship was destroyed .   The island was named La Espa\u00f1ola and claimed by Spain , which ruled until the early 17th century . Competing claims and settlements by the French led to the western portion of the island being ceded to France , which named it Saint-Domingue . The development of sugarcane plantations , worked by slaves brought from Africa , led to the colony being among the most lucrative in the world .   In the midst of the French Revolution -LRB- 1789 -- 1799 -RRB- , slaves and free people of colour revolted in the Haitian Revolution -LRB- 1791 -- 1804 -RRB- , culminating in the abolition of slavery and the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte 's army at the Battle of Verti\u00e8res . Afterward the sovereign nation of Haiti was established on 1 January 1804 the first independent nation of Latin America and the Caribbean , the second republic in the Americas , the only nation in the western hemisphere to have defeated three European superpowers -LRB- France , Spain , and the UK -RRB- , and the only nation in the world established as a result of a successful slave revolt . The rebellion that began in 1791 was led by a former slave and the first black general of the French Army , Toussaint Louverture , whose military genius and political acumen transformed an entire society of slaves into an independent country . Upon his death in a prison in France , he was succeeded by his lieutenant , Jean-Jacques Dessalines , who declared Haiti 's sovereignty and later became the first Emperor of Haiti , Jacques I . The Haitian Revolution lasted just over a dozen years ; and apart from Alexandre P\u00e9tion , the first President of the Republic , all the first leaders of government were former slaves . The Citadelle Laferri\u00e8re is the largest fortress in the Americas . Henri Christophe former slave and first king of Haiti , Henri I built it to withstand a possible foreign attack .   It is a founding member of the United Nations , Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , Association of Caribbean States , and the International Francophonie Organisation . In addition to CARICOM , it is a member of the International Monetary Fund , World Trade Organization , and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States . It has the lowest Human Development Index in the Americas . Most recently , in February 2004 , a coup d'\u00e9tat originating in the north of the country forced the resignation and exile of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . A provisional government took control with security provided by the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti -LRB- MINUSTAH -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Anne Hathaway debuted in the Fox television series Get Real.", "evidence": "Anne Jacqueline Hathaway -LRB- born November 12 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress and singer . Born in Brooklyn , New York and brought up in Millburn , New Jersey , Hathaway was inspired to act by her mother and as a high school student was nominated for the Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Award for Best Performance by a High School Actress for her performance in Once Upon a Mattress . She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real -LRB- 1999 -- 2000 -RRB- , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy . Hathaway went on to become a widely praised `` role model for children '' for her roles in Nicholas Nickleby -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Ella Enchanted -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and Hoodwinked ! -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .   Hathaway began to transition to more adult roles in 2005 , winning a DVD Exclusive Award for Best Actress for Havoc -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , receiving a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for her role in the critically acclaimed Brokeback Mountain -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , garnering further recognition for appearing alongside Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and earning a BIFA nomination for Best Performance by an Actress for her portrayal of Jane Austen in Becoming Jane -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Hathaway received praise for her performance as a recovering drug addict in Rachel Getting Married -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , for which she won the Critics ' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Academy , Golden Globe , Screen Actors Guild , and Indie Spirit Awards for Best Actress / Female Lead . She went on to win her second Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy for starring in Bride Wars -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and in 2010 , appeared in the box office hits Valentine 's Day , Alice in Wonderland and Love & Other Drugs , which earned her the Satellite Award for Best Actress and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical .   In 2011 , Hathaway voiced Jewel in the animated film Rio and hosted the 83rd Academy Awards with James Franco , which was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class Program . In 2012 , she portrayed Catwoman in Christopher Nolan 's The Dark Knight Rises , for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress . The same year , she starred as Fantine in Tom Hooper 's Les Mis\u00e9rables , which earned her widespread acclaim and she won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and SAG Awards for Best Supporting Actress . Hathaway has since gone on to appear in Rio 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Interstellar -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , The Intern -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and reprised her role as the White Queen in Alice Through the Looking Glass -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   People magazine named Hathaway one of its breakthrough stars of 2001 , and she appeared on its list of the world 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2006 . Following a four-year relationship with real estate developer Raffaello Follieri , Hathaway married Adam Shulman in 2012 , with whom she has one son , born in March 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Twitter has more than one office.", "evidence": "Twitter -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8tw\u026at\u0259r -RSB- -RRB- is an online news and social networking service where users post and interact with messages , `` tweets '' , restricted to 140 characters . Registered users can post tweets , but those who are unregistered can only read them . Users access Twitter through its website interface , SMS or a mobile device app . Twitter Inc. is based in San Francisco , California , United States , and has more than 25 offices around the world .   Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey , Noah Glass , Biz Stone , and Evan Williams and launched in July . The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity . In 2012 , more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day , and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day . In 2013 , it was one of the ten most-visited websites and has been described as `` the SMS of the Internet '' . As of 2016 , Twitter had more than 319 million monthly active users . On the day of the 2016 U.S. presidential election , Twitter proved to be the largest source of breaking news , with 40 million election-related tweets sent by 10 p.m. -LRB- Eastern Time -RRB- that day .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Venus Williams has won a tournament.", "evidence": "Venus Ebony Starr Williams -LRB- born June 17 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional tennis player who is generally regarded as one of the all-time greats of women 's tennis and who , along with younger sister Serena Williams , is credited with ushering in a new era of power and athleticism on the women 's professional tennis tour .   Ranked World No. 11 in singles as of January 28 , 2017 , Williams has been ranked World No. 1 by the Women 's Tennis Association on three occasions , for a total of 11 weeks . She first became the World No. 1 on February 25 , 2002 , the first African American woman to do so in the Open Era . On 10 June 2002 , Venus and Serena became the first sisters to hold the No. 1 and No. 2 spots in the singles rankings , respectively . On 7 June 2010 , Venus became co-No . 1 in doubles with Serena after they won their 4th consecutive grand slam doubles title at Roland Garros . By virtue of that doubles ascension , Venus became one of seven women to reach No. 1 in singles and No. 1 in doubles . On 21 June 2010 , Venus and Serena again occupied the No. 2 and No. 1 spots in the singles rankings , respectively . This came almost exactly 8 years after first accomplishing this feat . At the time , Venus had just celebrated her 30th birthday and Serena was three months shy of her 29th birthday , both ages at which many of their peers had retired .   Her seven Grand Slam singles titles ties her twelfth on the all-time list , more than any other active female player except sister Serena . She has also won fourteen Grand Slam doubles titles and two mixed doubles titles . Her five Wimbledon singles titles ties her with two other women for eighth place on the all-time list . Williams is one of four women to have won five or more Wimbledon singles titles in the Open Era . From the 2000 Wimbledon Championships to the 2001 US Open , Williams won four of the six Grand Slam singles tournaments held . She is one of only six women in the Open Era to win 200 or more main draw Grand Slam singles matches . At the 2017 French Open , Williams extended her record as the all-time leader , male or female , in Grand Slams played , with 74 . Furthermore , Williams ' run to the 2017 Australian Open Women 's Singles final set the record for longest span between singles slam finals in the open era at 20 years , the beginning of which was marked by her appearance in the singles final at the 1997 US Open .   Williams has won four Olympic gold medals , one in singles and three in women 's doubles , along with a silver medal in mixed doubles .  She and Serena have won more Olympic gold medals than any other tennis player , male or female . Venus also holds the record for the most Olympic medals won by a male or female tennis player , shared with Kathleen McKane Godfree . She is the only tennis player to have won a medal at four separate Olympic Games . At the 2000 Sydney Olympics , Williams became only the second player to win Olympic gold medals in both singles and doubles at the same Olympic Games , after Helen Wills Moody in 1924 .   With 49 singles titles , Williams is behind only Serena among active players on the WTA Tour . Her 35-match winning streak from the 2000 Wimbledon Championships to the 2000 Generali Ladies Linz tournament final is the longest since January 1 , 2000 . She is also one of only three active WTA players to have made the finals of all four Grand Slams , along with Serena and Russian Maria Sharapova . By winning her 49th career singles title at the 2016 Taiwan Open , Williams became the 5th oldest WTA Tour titlist in the Open Era , at 35 years , 7 months and 28 days .   Williams has played against her sister in 27 professional matches since 1998 , and won 11 . They have played against each other in nine Grand Slam singles finals , with Venus holding a 2-7 record . Venus has 8 runner-up finishes in grand slam singles events with Martina Hingis being the only player other than Serena to beat Venus in a major final at the 1997 US Open . Beginning with the 2002 French Open , they opposed each other in four consecutive Grand Slam singles finals , the first time sisters had so met in the Open Era . On the other side , the pair have won 14 Grand Slam doubles titles playing alongside each other and are undefeated in Grand Slam finals .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Red is inspired by a comic book series.", "evidence": "Red is a 2010 American action comedy film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner and published by the DC Comics imprint Homage . The film stars Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Helen Mirren and Karl Urban , with German film director Robert Schwentke directing a screenplay by Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber . In the film version , the title is derived from the designation of former CIA Agent Frank Moses -LRB- Bruce Willis -RRB- , meaning `` Retired , Extremely Dangerous '' .   The film was released on October 15 , 2010 . The film grossed $ 199 million worldwide . In 2011 , the film received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Musical or Comedy Film . A sequel , Red 2 , was released on July 19 , 2013 . Another sequel , Red 3 , is in development .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "J. Cole is a hip hop recording artist.", "evidence": "Jermaine Lamarr Cole -LRB- born January 28 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer . Raised in Fayetteville , North Carolina , Cole initially gained recognition as a rapper following the release of his debut mixtape , The Come Up , in early 2007 . Intent on further pursuing a solo career as a rapper , he went on to release two additional mixtapes after signing to Jay Z 's Roc Nation imprint in 2009 .   Cole released his debut studio album , Cole World : The Sideline Story , in 2011 . It debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 , and was soon certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- . His next two releases , 2013 's Born Sinner and 2014 's 2014 Forest Hills Drive , received mostly positive reviews from critics , while being both certified platinum in the US . The latter earned him his first Grammy Award nomination for Best Rap Album . In December 2016 Cole released his fourth studio album 4 Your Eyez Only . The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum in April 2017 .   Self-taught on piano , Cole also acts as a producer alongside his hip hop career , producing singles for artists such as Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson , as well as handling the majority of the production in his own projects . He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation . The Dreamville Foundation is not the only non-profit gesture Cole has put forth ; in January 2015 , he decided to house single mothers rent-free in his childhood home at 2014 Forest Hills Drive , Fayetteville , North Carolina .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The cast of The Playboy Club includes David Krumholtz.", "evidence": "The Playboy Club is an American historical crime drama television series that aired on NBC from September 19 to October 3 , 2011 . Set in 1961 , the series centers on the employees -LRB- known as Bunnies -RRB- of the original Playboy Club operating in Chicago . The Playboy Club stars Eddie Cibrian , Laura Benanti , Amber Heard , Jenna Dewan Tatum , Naturi Naughton , Leah Renee , Wes Ramsey , Jenifer Lewis , and David Krumholtz .   The Playboy Club was canceled on October 4 , 2011 , after three episodes aired , due to its low ratings . It was the first cancellation of the 2011 -- 12 television season . NBC continued to film the series until October 10 , 2011 , hoping to sell the series to another network . Both Playboy magnate Hugh Hefner and show creator Chad Hodge have expressed hope that the series will be picked up by Bravo .   When production wrapped on October 10 , 2011 , Hodge and Laura Benanti both confirmed that they had finished seven episodes , including the pilot . Benanti further stated that the seventh episode has two endings , one of which is more final to the series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Portugal maintains a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government which means that the president exists alongside the prime minister and the cabinet and the central government is supreme.", "evidence": "Portugal -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- pu\u027etu\u02c8\u0263a\u026b -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Portuguese Republic -LRB- -LSB- Rep\u00fablica Portuguesa , links = no -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- Portuguese : -LSB- \u0281\u0268 ` publik\u0250 pu\u027etu ' \u0263ez\u0250 -RSB- -RRB- In recognized minority languages of Portugal :  Rep\u00fablica Pertuesa is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe . It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe . To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain . The Portugal -- Spain border is 1214 km long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union . The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira , both autonomous regions with their own regional governments .   The territory of modern Portugal has been continuously settled , invaded and fought over since prehistoric times . The Pre-Celts , Celts , Carthaginians and Romans were followed by the invasions of the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples . Portugal as a country was born in the aftermath of the Christian Reconquista against the Moors who had invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 711 AD and occupied most of it ever since . Precipitated by the seminal event for its foundation , the Battle of S\u00e3o Mamede , where Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Theresa of Portugal and her lover Fern\u00e3o Peres de Trava , which established the nation 's sovereignty against rival neighbor kingdoms . Following S\u00e3o Mamede , the future king styled himself Prince of Portugal . He would be proclaimed King of Portugal in the Battle of Ourique in 1139 and was recognised as such by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143 .   In the 15th and 16th centuries , Portugal established the first global empire , becoming one of the world 's major economic , political and military powers . During this time , Portuguese explorers pioneered maritime exploration in the Age of Discovery , notably under royal patronage of Prince Henry the Navigator and King Jo\u00e3o II , with such notable discoveries as Bartolomeu Dias 's reach of the Cape of Good Hope -LRB- 1488 -RRB- , the Vasco da Gama 's sea route to India -LRB- 1497 -- 98 -RRB- and the discovery of Brazil -LRB- 1500 -RRB- . Portugal monopolized the spice trade during this time , and the Portuguese Empire expanded with military campaigns led in Asia . But the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake , the country 's occupation during the Napoleonic Wars , the independence of Brazil -LRB- 1822 -RRB- , and the Liberal Wars -LRB- 1828 -- 34 -RRB- , all left Portugal crippled from war and diminished in its world power .   After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy , the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established , later being superseded by the Estado Novo right-wing authoritarian regime . Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974 . Shortly after , independence was granted to almost all its overseas territories . The handover of Macau to China in 1999 marked the end of the longest-lived colonial empire . Portugal has left a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today .   Portugal is a developed country with a high-income advanced economy and a high living standard . It is the 5th most peaceful country in the world , maintaining a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government . It has the 18th highest Social Progress in the world , putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France , Spain and Italy . A founding member of NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries , it is also a member of numerous other international organizations , including the United Nations , the European Union , the eurozone , and the OECD .   Portugal is a pioneer when it comes to drug decriminalization , as the nation decriminalized the possession of all drugs for personal use in 2001 .   LGBT rights in Portugal have improved substantially in the past two decades and are now among the best in the world . Moreover , after years of investment and cooperation , Portugal marked a climax on renewable energy worldwide in 2016 , when it was powered for 107 consecutive hours exclusively by wind , sun , and water , which advocates say further shows fossil fuels are indeed replaceable .  A semi-presidential system is a system of government in which a president exists alongside a prime minister and a cabinet , with the latter two being responsible to the legislature of a state . A semi-presidential system differs from a parliamentary republic in that it has a popularly elected head of state , who is more than a purely ceremonial figurehead , and from the presidential system in that the cabinet , although named by the president , is responsible to the legislature , which may force the cabinet to resign through a motion of no confidence .   While the German Weimar Republic -LRB- 1919 -- 1933 -RRB- exemplified an early semi-presidential system , the term `` semi-presidential '' was introduced by a 1959 article by journalist Hubert Beuve-M\u00e9ry and popularized by a 1978 work by political scientist Maurice Duverger , both of which intended to describe the French Fifth Republic -LRB- established in 1958 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Randy Orton is a squid.", "evidence": "Randal Keith Orton -LRB- born April 1 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor . He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .   Orton is a 13-time world champion . Orton has held the WWE Championship nine times -LRB- eighth reign was as WWE World Heavyweight Champion -RRB- and WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship four times , and was the final holder of the World Heavyweight Championship , which he unified with the WWE Championship to become the WWE World Heavyweight Champion . Orton is a third-generation professional wrestler ; his grandfather Bob Orton , Sr. , his father `` Cowboy '' Bob Orton , and his uncle Barry Orton all competed in the professional wrestling business . Before being promoted to the main World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF , now WWE -RRB- roster , Orton trained in and wrestled for Mid-Missouri Wrestling Association-Southern Illinois Conference Wrestling for a month . He was then sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he held the OVW Hardcore Championship twice .   Orton became a member of the stable Evolution shortly after his WWE debut , which quickly led to an Intercontinental Championship reign , his first title with the company . He also acquired the moniker `` The Legend Killer '' during a storyline where he began disrespecting and then physically attacking WWE Hall of Famers and wrestling veterans . At age 24 , he became the youngest world champion in WWE history after he won the World Heavyweight Championship . With this win , he departed from Evolution and a feud with his former stablemates began . In 2006 , Orton joined forces with Edge in a tag team known as Rated-RKO . Together , they held the World Tag Team Championship . After Rated-RKO disbanded in mid-2007 , Orton gained two WWE Championship reigns in one night , when at 27 he became the youngest two-time WWE Champion . He formed the group The Legacy with Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase in 2008 . It disbanded in 2010 and Orton returned to singles competition . From 2013 to 2015 , Orton was aligned with The Authority , who named him the `` face of the WWE '' . In late 2016 he joined The Wyatt Family , winning the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship with stablemates Bray Wyatt and Luke Harper before turning on Wyatt in February 2017 .   Overall , Orton has won 16 total championships in WWE . He is the winner of the 2013 Money in the Bank ladder match , both the 2009 and 2017 Royal Rumble matches , and has headlined multiple pay-per-view events for WWE , including WrestleMania XXV and WrestleMania XXX .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Rainn Wilson graduated in the 80s.", "evidence": "Rainn Dietrich Wilson -LSB- re\u026an_\u02c8di\u02d0tr\u026ak_\u02c8w\u026als\u0259n -RSB- -LRB- born January 20 , 1966 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , writer , director , and producer . He is best known for his role as Dwight Schrute on the American version of the television comedy The Office .   A native of Seattle , Washington , Wilson began acting in college at the University of Washington , and later worked in theatre in New York City after graduating in 1986 . Wilson made his film debut in Galaxy Quest -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , followed by supporting parts in Almost Famous -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and House of 1000 Corpses -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . He also had a recurring part as Arthur Martin in the HBO series Six Feet Under from 2001 to 2006 .   Wilson was cast as Dwight Schrute in The Office in 2005 , a role which he would play until the show 's conclusion in 2013 . Other film credits include a lead roles in the comedies The Rocker -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Super -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and supporting roles in the horror films Cooties -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and The Boy -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .   In addition to acting , Wilson published an autobiography , The Bassoon King , in November 2015 , and also co-founded the digital media company SoulPancake in 2008 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea.", "evidence": "Zeus -LSB- \u02c8zju : s -RSB- -LRB- \u0396\u03b5\u03cd\u03c2 , Ze\u00fas , -LSB- zde\u01d4\u032fs -RSB- Modern \u0394\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 , D\u00edas -LSB- \u02c8\u00f0i.as -RSB- -RRB- is the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion , who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus . His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter . His mythologies and powers are similar , though not identical , to those of the Indo-European deities such as Indra , Jupiter , Perun , Thor , and Odin .   Zeus is the child of Cronus and Rhea , the youngest of his siblings to be born , though sometimes reckoned the eldest as the others required disgorging from Cronus 's stomach . In most traditions , he is married to Hera , by whom he is usually said to have fathered Ares , Hebe , and Hephaestus . At the oracle of Dodona , his consort was said to be Dione , by whom the Iliad states that he fathered Aphrodite . Zeus was also infamous for his erotic escapades . These resulted in many godly and heroic offspring , including Athena , Apollo , Artemis , Hermes , Persephone , Dionysus , Perseus , Heracles , Helen of Troy , Minos , and the Muses .   He was respected as an allfather who was chief of the gods and assigned the others to their roles : `` Even the gods who are not his natural children address him as Father , and all the gods rise in his presence . '' He was equated with many foreign weather gods , permitting Pausanias to observe `` That Zeus is king in heaven is a saying common to all men '' . Zeus ' symbols are the thunderbolt , eagle , bull , and oak . In addition to his Indo-European inheritance , the classical `` cloud-gatherer '' -LRB- Greek : \u039d\u03b5\u03c6\u03b5\u03bb\u03b7\u03b3\u03b5\u03c1\u03ad\u03c4\u03b1 , Nephel\u0113gereta -RRB- also derives certain iconographic traits from the cultures of the ancient Near East , such as the scepter . Zeus is frequently depicted by Greek artists in one of two poses : standing , striding forward with a thunderbolt leveled in his raised right hand , or seated in majesty .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Matt Kuchar is a professional golf player.", "evidence": "Matthew Gregory Kuchar -LRB- born June 21 , 1978 -RRB- is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour and formerly the Nationwide Tour . He has won seven times on the PGA Tour , with these wins spanning over 12 years . He is renowned as one of the most consistent players on the tour , having earned over $ 30 million in prize money and recorded over 80 top-10 finishes .   Kuchar briefly enjoyed success in the early 2000s before suffering a slump where he struggled to maintain his playing status on the PGA Tour . He rejuvenated himself and built a new , one-plane swing from 2008 onward leading to improved results . Kuchar was the PGA Tour 's leading money winner in 2010 .   Kuchar won The Players Championship in 2012 , the flagship event of the PGA Tour , his biggest tournament victory to date . As a result , he moved to a career high number five in the world rankings and has spent over 40 weeks ranked inside its top-10 . In February 2013 , Kuchar won his first World Golf Championship event , defeating Hunter Mahan in the final of the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship .   At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Kuchar won the first Olympic bronze medal awarded for golf since the 1904 Summer Olympics .   With Sergio Garc\u00eda winning the 2017 Masters Tournament and Steve Stricker playing part-time on the PGA Tour Champions , Kuchar is the highest-earning active full-time PGA Tour player without a major championship win , with career earnings of over $ 38 million .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Burundi is only populated by Tutsis.", "evidence": "Burundi -LRB- -LSB- b\u0259\u02c8r\u028andi -RSB- or -LSB- b\u0259\u02c8r\u028cndi -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Burundi -LRB- Republika y' Uburundi , -LSB- bu\u02c8\u027eundi -RSB- R\u00e9publique du Burundi , -LSB- bu\u0281undi -RSB- or -LSB- by\u0281yndi -RSB- -RRB- , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa , bordered by Rwanda to the north , Tanzania to the east and south , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west . It is also considered part of Central Africa . Burundi 's capital is Bujumbura . The southwestern border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika .   The Twa , Hutu and Tutsi peoples have lived in Burundi for at least 500 years . For more than 200 of those years , Burundi was an independent kingdom , until the beginning of the 20th century , when Germany colonised the region . After the First World War and Germany 's defeat , it ceded the territory to Belgium . Both Germans and Belgians ruled Burundi and Rwanda as a European colony known as Ruanda-Urundi . Despite common misconceptions , Burundi and Rwanda had never been under common rule until the time of European colonisation .   Burundi gained independence in 1962 and initially had a monarchy , but a series of assassinations , coups and a general climate of regional instability culminated in the establishment of a republic and one-party state in 1966 . Bouts of ethnic cleansing and ultimately two civil wars and genocides during the 1970s and again in the 1990s left the country undeveloped and its population as one of the world 's poorest . 2015 witnessed large-scale political strife as President Pierre Nkurunziza opted to run for a third term in office , a coup attempt failed and the country 's parliamentary and presidential elections were broadly criticised by members of the international community .   Burundi 's political system is that of a presidential representative democratic republic based upon a multi-party state . The President of Burundi is the head of state and head of government . There are currently 21 registered parties in Burundi . On 13 March 1992 , Tutsi coup leader Pierre Buyoya established a constitution , which provided for a multi-party political process and reflected multi-party competition . Six years later , on 6 June 1998 , the constitution was changed , broadening National Assembly 's seats and making provisions for two vice-presidents . Because of the Arusha Accord , Burundi enacted a transitional government in 2000 . In October 2016 , Burundi informed the UN of its intention to withdraw from the International Criminal Court .   Burundi remains an overwhelmingly rural society , with just 13 % of the population living in urban areas in 2013 . The population density of around 315 people per square kilometre -LRB- 753 per sq mi -RRB- is the second highest in Sub-Saharan Africa . Roughly 85 % of the population are of Hutu ethnic origin , 15 % are Tutsi , and fewer than 1 % are indigenous Twa -LRB- or Pygmies -RRB- . The official languages of Burundi are French and Kirundi , although Swahili can be found spoken along the Tanzanian border .   One of the smallest countries in Africa , Burundi has an equatorial climate . Burundi is a part of the Albertine Rift , the western extension of the East African Rift . The country lies on a rolling plateau in the centre of Africa . The highest peak , Mount Heha at 8810 ft , lies to the southeast of the capital , Bujumbura . The source of the River Nile is in Bururi province , and is linked from Lake Victoria to its headwaters via the Ruvyironza River Another major lake is Lake Tanganyika , located in much of Burundi 's southwestern corner . There are two national parks , Kibira National Park to the northwest -LRB- a small region of rain forest , adjacent to Nyungwe Forest National Park in Rwanda -RRB- , Ruvubu National Park to the northeast -LRB- along the Rurubu River , also known as Ruvubu or Ruvuvu -RRB- . Both were established in 1982 to conserve wildlife populations . Burundi 's lands are mostly agricultural or pasture .   Settlement by rural populations has led to deforestation , soil erosion and habitat loss . Deforestation of the entire country is almost completely due to overpopulation , with a mere 230 mi2 remaining and an ongoing loss of about 9 % per annum . In addition to poverty , Burundians often have to deal with corruption , weak infrastructure , poor access to health and education services , and hunger . Burundi is densely populated and has had substantial emigration as young people seek opportunities elsewhere . The World Happiness Report 2017 ranked Burundi as the world 's second least happy nation with a rank of 154 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Foo Fighters was created by a name reported by aircraft pilots.", "evidence": "Foo Fighters is an American rock band , formed in Seattle , Washington in 1994 . It was founded by Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl as a one-man project following the dissolution of Nirvana after the death of Kurt Cobain . The group got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II , which were known collectively as `` foo fighters '' .   Prior to the release of Foo Fighters ' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters , which featured Grohl as the only official member , Grohl recruited bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith , both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate , as well as Nirvana touring guitarist Pat Smear to complete the lineup . The band began with performances in Portland , Oregon . Goldsmith quit during the recording of the group 's second album , The Colour and the Shape -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , when most of the drum parts were re-recorded by Grohl himself . Smear 's departure followed soon afterward , though he would rejoin them in 2006 .   They were replaced by Taylor Hawkins and Franz Stahl , respectively , although Stahl was fired before the recording of the group 's third album , There Is Nothing Left to Lose -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . The band briefly continued as a trio until Chris Shiflett joined as the band 's lead guitarist after the completion of There Is Nothing Left to Lose . The band released its fourth album , One by One , in 2002 . The group followed that release with the two-disc In Your Honor -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , which was split between acoustic songs and heavier material . Foo Fighters released its sixth album , Echoes , Silence , Patience & Grace , in 2007 . The band 's seventh studio album , Wasting Light , produced by Butch Vig was released in 2011 , in which Smear returned as a full member . In November 2014 , the band 's eighth studio album , Sonic Highways , was released as an accompanying soundtrack to the Grohl-directed 2014 miniseries of the same name .   Over the course of the band 's career , four of its albums have won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album . As of 2015 , the band 's eight albums have sold 12 million copies in the U.S. , and 30 million worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nickelodeon has weekday programs.", "evidence": "Nickelodeon -LRB- often shortened to and known in the United States as Nick -RRB- is an American basic cable and satellite television network launched on December 1 , 1977 , and is owned by Viacom through Viacom Media Networks and based in New York City . It is primarily aimed at children and adolescents aged 8 -- 17 , while its weekday morning edutainment programs are targeted at younger children aged 0 -- 7 .   , Nickelodeon is available to approximately 93.7 million pay television households -LRB- 80.5 % of households with at least one television set -RRB- in the United States .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Arrested Development won six Primetime Emmy Awards.", "evidence": "Arrested Development is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz , which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from November 2 , 2003 to February 10 , 2006 . A fourth season of 15 episodes was released on Netflix on May 26 , 2013 . The show follows the fictitious Bluth family , a formerly wealthy and habitually dysfunctional family . It is presented in a continuous format , incorporating handheld camera work and voice-over narration , as well as the use of occasional archival photos and historical footage . The show also utilizes several long-running `` Easter egg '' jokes throughout each season . Ron Howard serves as both an executive producer and the series ' uncredited narrator . Set in Newport Beach , California , Arrested Development was filmed primarily in Culver City and Marina del Rey .   After its debut in 2003 , the series received widespread critical acclaim , six Primetime Emmy Awards , and one Golden Globe Award , and has attracted a cult following , including several fan-based websites . In 2007 , Time listed the show among its `` All-TIME 100 TV Shows '' ; in 2008 , it was ranked 16th on Entertainment Weekly `` New TV Classics '' list . In 2011 , IGN named Arrested Development the `` funniest show of all time '' . Its humor has been cited as a key influence on later single-camera sitcoms such as 30 Rock and Community .   Despite critical acclaim , Arrested Development received low ratings and viewership on Fox , which canceled the series in 2006 . Rumors of an additional season and a feature film persisted until 2011 , when Netflix agreed to license new episodes and distribute them exclusively on its video streaming service . These episodes were later released in 2013 . Netflix has also commissioned a fifth season of Arrested Development which will premiere in 2018 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jim Carrey has worked with director Don Scardino.", "evidence": "James Eugene Carrey -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u00e6ri -RSB- born January 17 , 1962 -RRB- is a Canadian-American actor , comedian , impressionist , screenwriter , and producer . He is known for his highly energetic slapstick performances .   Carrey first gained recognition in 1990 after landing a recurring role in the sketch comedy television series In Living Color . His first leading roles in major productions came with Ace Ventura : Pet Detective -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Dumb and Dumber -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , The Mask -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , and Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , as well as a supporting role in Batman Forever -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and a lead role in Liar Liar -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . He then starred in The Truman Show -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Man on the Moon -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , with each garnering him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor .   In the 2000s , he gained further recognition for his portrayal of the Grinch in How the Grinch Stole Christmas -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , as well as Bruce Almighty -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind -LRB- 2004 -RRB- for which he was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Fun with Dick and Jane -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Yes Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Horton Hears a Who ! -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and A Christmas Carol -LRB- 2009 -RRB- .   In the 2010s , he has starred in Mr. Popper 's Penguins -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . In 2013 , he appeared in Kick-Ass 2 as Colonel Stars and Stripes . He retracted support for the film two months prior to its release . He issued a statement via his Twitter account that , in light of the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary , '' -LSB- N -RSB- ow in all good conscience I can not support that level of violence . '' Carrey reprised his role as Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber To -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Don Scardino and written by John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Chad Kultgen & Tyler Mitchell , and Daley & Goldstein . The film follows Las Vegas magician Burt Wonderstone -LRB- Steve Carell -RRB- as he attempts to reunite with his former partner Anton Marvelton -LRB- Steve Buscemi -RRB- to take on dangerous street magician Steve Gray -LRB- Jim Carrey -RRB- . It also features Alan Arkin , Olivia Wilde and James Gandolfini .   The film began development in 2006 , when New Line Cinema bought Kultgen 's script , `` Burt Dickenson : The Most Powerful Magician on Planet Earth '' . The development process gained momentum when Charles McDougall was hired as director in 2011 , but he eventually left the project and was replaced with Scardino . Daley and Goldstein rewrote Kultgen 's script which then saw further rewrites from Jason Reitman in June 2011 .   Filming was scheduled to begin in October 2011 , in Los Angeles , California but was pushed back to January 2012 . On a $ 30 million budget , filming began on January 10 , 2012 in Nevada with filming later moving to Los Angeles . The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released on March 15 , 2013 , and earned over $ 27 million . Reviews generally praised Carrey 's and Arkin 's performances , but criticized the plot 's inconsistent tone and predictability . Variety magazine listed The Incredible Burt Wonderstone as one of `` Hollywood 's biggest box office bombs of 2013 '' when it had made $ 27.4 million against a $ 30 million production cost .  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Don Scardino and written by John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Chad Kultgen & Tyler Mitchell , and Daley & Goldstein . The film follows Las Vegas magician Burt Wonderstone -LRB- Steve Carell -RRB- as he attempts to reunite with his former partner Anton Marvelton -LRB- Steve Buscemi -RRB- to take on dangerous street magician Steve Gray -LRB- Jim Carrey -RRB- . It also features Alan Arkin , Olivia Wilde and James Gandolfini .   The film began development in 2006 , when New Line Cinema bought Kultgen 's script , `` Burt Dickenson : The Most Powerful Magician on Planet Earth '' . The development process gained momentum when Charles McDougall was hired as director in 2011 , but he eventually left the project and was replaced with Scardino . Daley and Goldstein rewrote Kultgen 's script which then saw further rewrites from Jason Reitman in June 2011 .   Filming was scheduled to begin in October 2011 , in Los Angeles , California but was pushed back to January 2012 . On a $ 30 million budget , filming began on January 10 , 2012 in Nevada with filming later moving to Los Angeles . The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released on March 15 , 2013 , and earned over $ 27 million . Reviews generally praised Carrey 's and Arkin 's performances , but criticized the plot 's inconsistent tone and predictability . Variety magazine listed The Incredible Burt Wonderstone as one of `` Hollywood 's biggest box office bombs of 2013 '' when it had made $ 27.4 million against a $ 30 million production cost .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eminem only performs alone.", "evidence": "Marshall Bruce Mathers III -LRB- born October 17 , 1972 -RRB- , known professionally as Eminem -LRB- often stylized as EMIN\u018eM -RRB- , is an American rapper , record producer , and actor . Eminem is the best-selling artist of the 2000s in the United States . Throughout his career , he has had 10 number-one albums on the Billboard 200 and five number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 . With US sales of 45.1 million albums and 42 million tracks as of June 2014 , Eminem is the second best-selling male artist of the Nielsen SoundScan era , the sixth best-selling artist in the United States and the best-selling hip-hop artist . Globally , he has sold more than 172 million albums , thus being one of the world 's best-selling artists . Rolling Stone ranked him 83rd on its list of 100 Greatest Artists of All Time , calling him the King of Hip Hop .   After his debut album Infinite -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and the Slim Shady EP -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Eminem signed with Dr. Dre 's Aftermath Entertainment and subsequently achieved mainstream popularity in 1999 with The Slim Shady LP , which earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album . His next two releases , 2000 's The Marshall Mathers LP and 2002 's The Eminem Show , were worldwide successes , with each being certified diamond in U.S. sales , and both winning Best Rap Album Grammy Awards -- making Eminem the first artist to win the award for three consecutive LPs . They were followed by Encore in 2004 , another critical and commercial success . Eminem went on hiatus after touring in 2005 , releasing Relapse in 2009 and Recovery in 2010 . Both won Grammy Awards and Recovery was the best-selling album of 2010 worldwide , the second time he had the international best-selling album of the year -LRB- after The Eminem Show -RRB- . Eminem 's eighth album , 2013 's The Marshall Mathers LP 2 , won two Grammy Awards , including Best Rap Album ; it expanded his record for the most wins in that category and his Grammy total to 15 .   In addition to his solo career , Eminem is an original member of the Midwest hip hop groups Soul Intent and D12 . He is also known for his collaborations with fellow Detroit-based rapper Royce da 5 ' 9 '' ; the two are collectively known as Bad Meets Evil . Eminem has developed other ventures , including Shady Records , with manager Paul Rosenberg , which helped launch the careers of artists such as 50 Cent . Eminem has also established his own channel , Shade 45 , on Sirius XM Radio . In November 2002 , he starred in the hip hop film 8 Mile , which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , for `` Lose Yourself '' , becoming the first rap artist to win the award . Eminem has made cameo appearances in the films The Wash -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Funny People -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , The Interview -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and the television series Entourage -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "David Thewlis has performed.", "evidence": "David Thewlis -LRB- born David Wheeler ; born 20 March 1963 -RRB- is an English actor , director , screenwriter , author . His most commercially successful role to date has been that of Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter film series . Other notable performances include the films Naked -LRB- for which he won the Best Actor award at Cannes Film Festival -RRB- , Dragonheart , Kingdom of Heaven , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas , The Theory of Everything , Black Beauty , and Macbeth -LRB- in which he played King Duncan -RRB- . He will play Ares in Wonder Woman . He has also done voice work in the films James and the Giant Peach -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , The Miracle Maker -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , and Anomalisa -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and is additionally known for the role of Cyrus Crabb in the TV mini series Dinotopia .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "In 1968, Led Zeppelin formed.", "evidence": "Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 . The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham . The band 's heavy , guitar-driven sound , rooted in blues and psychedelia on their early albums , has earned them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal , though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences , including folk music .   After changing their name from the New Yardbirds , Led Zeppelin signed a deal with Atlantic Records that afforded them considerable artistic freedom . Although the group was initially unpopular with critics , they achieved significant commercial success with albums such as Led Zeppelin -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin II -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin III -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Led Zeppelin IV -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , Houses of the Holy -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and Physical Graffiti -LRB- 1975 -RRB- . Their fourth album , which features the track `` Stairway to Heaven '' , is among the most popular and influential works in rock music , and it helped to secure the group 's popularity .   Page wrote most of Led Zeppelin 's music , particularly early in their career , while Plant generally supplied the lyrics . Jones ' keyboard-based compositions later became central to the group 's catalogue , which featured increasing experimentation . The latter half of their career saw a series of record-breaking tours that earned the group a reputation for excess and debauchery . Although they remained commercially and critically successful , their output and touring schedule were limited during the late 1970s , and the group disbanded following Bonham 's death from alcohol-related asphyxia in 1980 . In the decades that followed , the surviving members sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions . The most successful of these was the 2007 Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert in London , with Jason Bonham taking his late father 's place behind the drums .   Led Zeppelin are widely considered one of the most successful , innovative , and influential rock groups in history . They are one of the best-selling music artists in the history of audio recording ; various sources estimate the group 's record sales at 200 to 300 million units worldwide . With RIAA-certified sales of 111.5 million units , they are the second-best-selling band in the US . Each of their nine studio albums placed in the top 10 of the Billboard album chart and six reached the number-one spot . They achieved eight consecutive UK number-one albums . Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' . They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 ; the museum 's biography of the band states that they were `` as influential '' during the 1970s as the Beatles were during the 1960s .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dwyane Wade played for Chicago.", "evidence": "Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. -LRB- -LSB- dwe\u026an -RSB- ; born January 17 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- . He has established himself as one of the most well-known and popular players in the league . Wade had the top-selling jersey in the NBA for nearly two years , leading the league in jersey sales from the 2005 NBA Playoffs , until the midpoint of the 2006 -- 07 season .   After a successful college career at Marquette , Wade was drafted fifth overall in the 2003 NBA draft by the Miami Heat . He was named to the All-Rookie team and the All-Star team the following twelve seasons . In his third season , Wade led the Heat to their first NBA championship in franchise history and was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP . At the 2008 Summer Olympics , Wade led the United States men 's basketball team , commonly known as the `` Redeem Team '' , in scoring , and helped them capture gold medal honors in Beijing , China . In the 2008 -- 09 season , Wade led the league in scoring and earned his first NBA scoring title . With LeBron James and Chris Bosh , Wade guided Miami to four consecutive NBA Finals from 2011 to 2014 , winning back-to-back championships in 2012 and 2013 . In 2016 , Wade departed the Heat in free agency to play for the Chicago Bulls .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Champion was based off of a Ring Lardner story.", "evidence": "Champion is a 1949 American film noir drama sport film based on a short story by Ring Lardner . It recounts the struggles of boxer `` Midge '' Kelly fighting his own demons while working to achieve success in the boxing ring . The drama was directed by Mark Robson , with cinematography by Franz Planer . The drama features Kirk Douglas , Marilyn Maxwell , and Arthur Kennedy .   The film won an Academy Award for Editing and gained five other nominations as well , including a Best Actor for Douglas .   Several clips from the film were used in Douglas ' 1999 film Diamonds to illustrate his character 's career as a boxer .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "My Bloody Valentine 3D's editor was Patrick Lussier.", "evidence": "My Bloody Valentine 3D is a 2009 American slasher film . It is a reboot of the 1981 Canadian slasher film of the same name . The film was directed and edited by Patrick Lussier , and stars Jensen Ackles , Jaime King and Kerr Smith . The film had a 3D theatrical release ; it was released on January 16 , 2009 by Lionsgate to generally mixed reviews but nevertheless a box office success . It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on May 19 , 2009 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dwight Schrute was based on Gareth Keenan.", "evidence": "Dwight Kurt Schrute III -LSB- \u02c8dwait \u02c8k\u0259rt \u02c8shrut -RSB- is a fictional character on the American TV comedy series The Office , portrayed by Rainn Wilson , and based on Gareth Keenan from the original UK version of The Office . His character is one of the highest-ranking salesmen as well as assistant to the regional manager at the paper distribution company Dunder Mifflin , although the series expands on his character as bed-and-breakfast proprietor at Schrute Farms , a beet plantation , and as the owner of the business park enclosing Dunder Mifflin . He is notorious for his lack of social skills and common sense , his love for martial arts and the justice system , and his office rivalry with fellow salesman Jim Halpert . He has at times risen to the position of acting Branch Manager of the Scranton branch , but often serves as a second or third in command as Assistant -LRB- to the -RRB- Regional Manager . In the final season , Dwight is finally offered the position of permanent Regional Manager .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Beasts of the Southern Wild was nominated for an award.", "evidence": "Beasts of the Southern Wild is a 2012 American drama film co-written , co-scored and directed by Benh Zeitlin . It was adapted by Zeitlin and Lucy Alibar from Alibar 's one-act play Juicy and Delicious . After playing at film festivals , it was released on June 27 , 2012 , in New York and Los Angeles , and later distribution was expanded .   The film was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 85th Academy Awards , in the categories Best Picture , Best Director -LRB- Benh Zeitlin -RRB- , Best Adapted Screenplay -LRB- Lucy Alibar , Benh Zeitlin -RRB- , and Best Actress -LRB- Quvenzhan\u00e9 Wallis -RRB- . At age 9 , Wallis became the youngest Best Actress nominee in history .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Transformers (film) is based on a toy line created by Hasbro.", "evidence": "Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the toy line of the same name created by Hasbro . The film , which combines computer animation with live-action filming , was directed by Michael Bay , with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer . It was produced by Don Murphy and Tom DeSanto , and is the first installment in the live-action Transformers film series . The film stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky , a teenager who gets caught up in a war between the heroic Autobots and the villainous Decepticons , two factions of alien robots who can disguise themselves by transforming into everyday machinery , primarily vehicles . The Autobots intend to use the AllSpark , the object that created their robotic race , to rebuild their home planet Cybertron and end the war , while the Decepticons have the intention of using it to build an army by giving life to the machines of Earth . Tyrese Gibson , Josh Duhamel , Anthony Anderson , Megan Fox , Rachael Taylor , John Turturro , and Jon Voight also star , while voice actors Peter Cullen and Hugo Weaving voice Optimus Prime and Megatron respectively .   Murphy and DeSanto developed the project in 2003 , and DeSanto wrote a treatment . Steven Spielberg came on board the following year , hiring Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to write the screenplay . The U.S. Armed Forces and General Motors -LRB- GM -RRB- loaned vehicles and aircraft during filming , which saved money for the production and added realism to the battle scenes . Hasbro 's promotional campaign for the film included deals with various companies ; advertising included a viral marketing campaign , coordinated releases of prequel comic books , toys , and books , as well as product placement deals with companies such as GM , Burger King , and eBay .   Transformers received mixed to positive reviews from critics and fans , and is the 87th highest-grossing film of all-time and was the fifth highest-grossing film of 2007 , grossing $ 709 million worldwide , with an estimated 46 million tickets sold in the US . The film won four awards from the Visual Effects Society and was nominated for three Academy Awards , for Best Sound Editing , Best Sound Mixing , and Best Visual Effects . LaBeouf 's performance was praised by Empire , and Cullen 's reprisal of Optimus Prime from the 1980s television series was well received by fans . It was soon followed by four sequels : Revenge of the Fallen -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Dark of the Moon -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and Age of Extinction -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , the later two of which grossed $ 1 billion . A fifth installment , titled The Last Knight , is scheduled for release on June 23 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Laura Prepon portrayed Donna Pinciotti in That '70s Show.", "evidence": "Laura Helene Prepon -LRB- born March 7 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , and author . She is known for her role as Donna Pinciotti in all eight seasons of the Fox sitcom That '70s Show -LRB- 1998 -- 2006 -RRB- , and for her role as Alex Vause in the Netflix original comedy-drama series Orange Is the New Black -LRB- 2013 -- present -RRB- . Following That '70s Show , Prepon worked mainly in television . She made her film debut in 2001 with the independent film Southlander . Her other films include the romantic drama Come Early Morning -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the comedy Lay the Favorite -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the thriller The Girl on the Train -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and The Hero -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charles Dickens was not English.", "evidence": "Charles John Huffam Dickens -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u026ak\u1d7bnz -RSB- 7 February 1812 -- 9 June 1870 -RRB- was an English writer and social critic . He created some of the world 's best-known fictional characters and is regarded by many as the greatest novelist of the Victorian era . His works enjoyed unprecedented popularity during his lifetime , and by the twentieth century critics and scholars had recognised him as a literary genius . His novels and short stories enjoy lasting popularity .   Born in Portsmouth , Dickens left school to work in a factory when his father was incarcerated in a debtors ' prison . Despite his lack of formal education , he edited a weekly journal for 20 years , wrote 15 novels , five novellas , hundreds of short stories and non-fiction articles , lectured and performed extensively , was an indefatigable letter writer , and campaigned vigorously for children 's rights , education , and other social reforms .   Dickens 's literary success began with the 1836 serial publication of The Pickwick Papers . Within a few years he had become an international literary celebrity , famous for his humour , satire , and keen observation of character and society . His novels , most published in monthly or weekly instalments , pioneered the serial publication of narrative fiction , which became the dominant Victorian mode for novel publication . The instalment format allowed Dickens to evaluate his audience 's reaction , and he often modified his plot and character development based on such feedback . For example , when his wife 's chiropodist expressed distress at the way Miss Mowcher in David Copperfield seemed to reflect her disabilities , Dickens improved the character with positive features . His plots were carefully constructed , and he often wove elements from topical events into his narratives . Masses of the illiterate poor chipped in ha ` pennies to have each new monthly episode read to them , opening up and inspiring a new class of readers .   Dickens was regarded as the literary colossus of his age . His 1843 novella , A Christmas Carol , remains popular and continues to inspire adaptations in every artistic genre . Oliver Twist and Great Expectations are also frequently adapted , and , like many of his novels , evoke images of early Victorian London . His 1859 novel , A Tale of Two Cities , set in London and Paris , is his best-known work of historical fiction . Dickens has been praised by fellow writers -- from Leo Tolstoy to George Orwell and G. K. Chesterton -- for his realism , comedy , prose style , unique characterisations , and social criticism . On the other hand , Oscar Wilde , Henry James , and Virginia Woolf complained of a lack of psychological depth , loose writing , and a vein of saccharine sentimentalism . The term Dickensian is used to describe something that is reminiscent of Dickens and his writings , such as poor social conditions or comically repulsive characters .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Michael Fassbender was in the NBC miniseries Band of Brothers.", "evidence": "Michael Fassbender -LRB- born 2 April 1977 -RRB- is a German-born Irish actor . His feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic 300 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as a Spartan warrior ; his earlier roles included various stage productions , as well as starring roles on television such as in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the Sky One fantasy drama Hex -LRB- 2004 -- 05 -RRB- . He first came to prominence for his role as IRA activist Bobby Sands in Hunger -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , for which he won a British Independent Film Award . Subsequent roles include in the independent film Fish Tank -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , as a Royal Marines lieutenant in Inglourious Basterds -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , as Edward Rochester in the 2011 film adaptation of Jane Eyre , as Carl Jung in A Dangerous Method -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , as a sentient android in Prometheus -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and its sequel , Alien : Covenant -LRB- 2017 -RRB- , and in the musical comedy-drama Frank -LRB- 2014 -RRB- as an eccentric musician loosely inspired by Frank Sidebottom .   In 2011 , Fassbender debuted as the Marvel Comics antihero Magneto in X-Men : First Class , and went on to share the role with Ian McKellen in X-Men : Days of Future Past -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and reprise it again in X-Men : Apocalypse -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Also in 2011 , Fassbender 's performance as a sex addict in Shame earned him the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival and was nominated for Golden Globe and BAFTA Awards . In 2013 , his role as slave owner Edwin Epps in the slavery epic 12 Years a Slave was similarly praised , earning him his first Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor . In 2013 , Fassbender appeared in another Ridley Scott film , The Counselor . In 2015 , he portrayed the title role in the Danny Boyle-directed biopic Steve Jobs -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and played Macbeth in Justin Kurzel 's adaptation of William Shakespeare 's play . For the former , he has received Academy Award , BAFTA , Golden Globe and SAG nominations . In 2015 , he produced the western Slow West , in which he also starred .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Keeping Up with the Joneses had a budget.", "evidence": "Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur . Starring Zach Galifianakis , Jon Hamm , Isla Fisher and Gal Gadot , the film follows a suburban couple -LRB- Galifianakis and Fisher -RRB- who begin to suspect their new neighbors -LRB- Hamm and Gadot -RRB- are secret agents . The film was released on October 21 , 2016 by 20th Century Fox , received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb , grossing $ 29 million against its $ 40 million budget .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "RenderMan was developed by Pixar.", "evidence": "Pixar -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8p\u026aks\u0251r -RSB- -RRB- , also referred to as Pixar Animation Studios , is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville , California that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company . Pixar began in 1979 as the Graphics Group , part of the Lucasfilm computer division , before its spin-out as a corporation in 1986 , with funding by Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs , who became the majority shareholder . Disney purchased Pixar in 2006 at a valuation of $ 7.4 billion , a transaction that resulted in Jobs becoming Disney 's largest single shareholder at the time . Pixar is best known for CGI-animated feature films created with RenderMan , Pixar 's own implementation of the industry-standard RenderMan image-rendering application programming interface , used to generate high-quality images .   Pixar has produced seventeen feature films , beginning with Toy Story -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , which was the first-ever computer-animated feature film , and its most recent being Finding Dory -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . All 17 of its films have debuted with CinemaScore ratings of at least an `` A \u2212 , '' indicating positive receptions with audiences . The studio has also produced several short films . , its feature films have earned approximately $ 10.8 billion at the box office worldwide , with an average worldwide gross of $ 634 million per film . Finding Dory , along with its predecessor Finding Nemo -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , as well as Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- are among the 50 highest-grossing films of all time , with the lattermost film being the third all-time highest-grossing animated film with a gross of $ 1.063 billion . Fourteen of Pixar 's films are also among the 50 highest-grossing animated films of all time .   The studio has earned sixteen Academy Awards , seven Golden Globe Awards , and eleven Grammy Awards , among many other awards and acknowledgments . Many of Pixar 's films have been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature since its inauguration in 2001 , with eight winning ; this includes Finding Nemo and Toy Story 3 , along with The Incredibles -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Ratatouille -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , WALL-E -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Up -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Brave -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Inside Out -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Monsters , Inc. -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Cars -LRB- 2006 -RRB- are the only two films that were nominated for the award without winning it , while Cars 2 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Monsters University -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , The Good Dinosaur -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and Finding Dory have not been nominated . Up and Toy Story 3 were also the respective second and third animated films to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture , the first being Walt Disney Animation Studios ' Beauty and the Beast -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . Luxo Jr. , a character from the studio 's 1986 short film of the same name , is the studio 's mascot .   On September 6 , 2009 , Pixar executives John Lasseter , Brad Bird , Pete Docter , Andrew Stanton , and Lee Unkrich were presented with the Golden Lion award for Lifetime Achievement by the biennial Venice Film Festival . The award was presented by Lucasfilm 's founder George Lucas .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Homesman features at least one American actor.", "evidence": "The Homesman is a 2014 French-American historical period drama set in the 1850s Midwest , directed and co-produced by Tommy Lee Jones and co-written with Kieran Fitzgerald and Wesley Oliver , based on the 1988 novel of the same name by Glendon Swarthout . The film stars Jones and Hilary Swank and also features Meryl Streep , Hailee Steinfeld , John Lithgow , and James Spader .   The film was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and received a North American limited release on November 14 , 2014 by Roadside Attractions . The Homesman has received mostly positive reviews from critics . Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating average of 7.1 / 10 .   The title refers to the task of taking immigrants back home , which was typically a man 's job to carry out .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Peter Cetera was an artist.", "evidence": "Peter Paul Cetera -LRB- -LSB- s\u0259\u02c8t\u025br\u0259 -RSB- ; born September 13 , 1944 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , and bassist best known for being an original member of the rock band Chicago -LRB- 1967 -- 1985 -RRB- , before launching a successful solo career . His career as a recording artist encompasses seventeen albums with Chicago and eight solo albums .   With `` If You Leave Me Now , '' a song written and sung by Cetera on the group 's tenth album , Chicago garnered its first Grammy Award . It was also the group 's first number one single .   As a solo artist , Cetera has scored six Top 40 singles , including two that reached number one on -LSB- -LSB- Billboard Hot 100 | Billboard '' 's Hot 100 -RSB- -RSB- chart in 1986 , `` Glory of Love '' and `` The Next Time I Fall . '' `` Glory of Love , '' the theme song from the film , The Karate Kid Part II '' , was co-written by Cetera , David Foster and Diane Nini , and was nominated for both an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for best original song from a motion picture . In 1987 he received an ASCAP award for `` Glory of Love '' in the category , `` Most Performed Songs from Motion Pictures . '' His performance on `` Glory of Love '' was nominated for a Grammy Award for best pop male vocal . That same year Cetera and Amy Grant , who duetted on `` The Next Time I Fall , '' were nominated for a Grammy Award for best vocal performance by a pop duo or group .   Besides David Foster and Amy Grant , Cetera has collaborated throughout his career with other nationally known and internationally known recording artists from various genres of music including : The Beach Boys , Billy Joel , Karen Carpenter , Paul Anka , Agnetha F\u00e4ltskog , Richard Sterban , Bonnie Raitt , Madonna , David Gilmour , Az Yet , Cher , Chaka Khan , Crystal Bernard , Ronna Reeves , and Alison Krauss . His songs have been featured in soundtracks for movies and television .   In 2014 , the first album by the group Chicago , Chicago Transit Authority -LRB- Columbia , 1969 -RRB- , with Cetera on bass and vocals , was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame . Cetera was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Chicago in April 2016 , and Cetera , Robert Lamm , and James Pankow are among the 2017 Songwriters Hall of Fame inductees for their songwriting efforts as members of the group .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Heartbreak Ridge was filmed in Technicolor.", "evidence": "Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American Technicolor war film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the film . The film also co-stars Mario Van Peebles , Marsha Mason , and Everett McGill . The film was released in the United States on December 5 , 1986 . The story involves the actions of a small group of U.S. Marines during the American invasion of Grenada in 1983 . A portion of the film was filmed on the island .   The title comes from the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge in the Korean War . The character played by Eastwood received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the U.S. Army there , even though he is now a U.S. Marine .   The film was the 1000th to be released in Dolby Stereo .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cape Fear features a cameo from Robert Mitchum and it is directed by Martin Scorsese.", "evidence": "Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name . It stars Robert De Niro , Nick Nolte , Jessica Lange , and Juliette Lewis , and features cameos from Gregory Peck , Robert Mitchum , and Martin Balsam , who all appeared in the original film . It was Peck 's final theatrical film . The film tells the story of a convicted rapist who , using mostly his newfound knowledge of the law and its numerous loopholes , seeks vengeance against a former public defender whom he blames for his 14-year imprisonment due to purposefully faulty defense tactics used during his trial .   Cape Fear marks the seventh of eight collaborations between Scorsese and De Niro , the others being Mean Streets -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Taxi Driver -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , New York , New York -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Raging Bull -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The King of Comedy -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Goodfellas -LRB- 1990 -RRB- and Casino -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . The film received positive reviews and received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for Best Actor -LRB- De Niro -RRB- and Best Supporting Actress -LRB- Lewis -RRB- .  Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese and a remake of the 1962 film of the same name . It stars Robert De Niro , Nick Nolte , Jessica Lange , and Juliette Lewis , and features cameos from Gregory Peck , Robert Mitchum , and Martin Balsam , who all appeared in the original film . It was Peck 's final theatrical film . The film tells the story of a convicted rapist who , using mostly his newfound knowledge of the law and its numerous loopholes , seeks vengeance against a former public defender whom he blames for his 14-year imprisonment due to purposefully faulty defense tactics used during his trial .   Cape Fear marks the seventh of eight collaborations between Scorsese and De Niro , the others being Mean Streets -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Taxi Driver -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , New York , New York -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , Raging Bull -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The King of Comedy -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Goodfellas -LRB- 1990 -RRB- and Casino -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . The film received positive reviews and received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations for Best Actor -LRB- De Niro -RRB- and Best Supporting Actress -LRB- Lewis -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Oliver Reed was in a movie.", "evidence": "Robert Oliver Reed -LRB- 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 -RRB- was an English actor known for his upper-class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles . Notable films include The Trap -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , Oliver ! -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , Women in Love -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Hannibal Brooks -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , The Devils -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , The Three Musketeers -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Tommy -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , Lion of the Desert -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Castaway -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The Adventures of Baron Munchausen -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and Funny Bones -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . For Gladiator -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , his final film , Reed was posthumously nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role .   At the peak of his career , in 1971 , British exhibitors voted Reed 5th most popular star at the box office .  The Trap is an adventure/romance film released in 1966 , written by David D. Osborn and directed by Sidney Hayers . Shot in the wilderness of the Canadian province of British Columbia , Oliver Reed and Rita Tushingham star in this unusual love story about a rough trapper and a mute orphan girl . The soundtrack was composed by Ron Goodwin and the main theme -LRB- Main Titles to The Trap -RRB- is familiar as the title music used by the BBC for London Marathon coverage .   The film had its World Premiere on 15 September 1966 at the Leicester Square Theatre in the West End of London .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Maggie Smith is an actress.", "evidence": "Dame Margaret Natalie Smith , -LRB- born 28 December 1934 -RRB- , known as Maggie Smith , is an English actress . She has had an extensive , varied career in stage , film and television spanning over sixty-five years . Smith has appeared in over 50 films and is one of Britain 's most recognisable actresses . A prominent figure in British culture for six decades , she was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II in 1990 for services to the performing arts , and received the Companion of Honour from the Queen in 2014 for services to drama .   Smith began her career on stage at the Oxford Playhouse in 1952 and made her Broadway debut in New Faces of ' 56 . For her work on the London stage , she has won a record five Best Actress Evening Standard Awards ; for The Private Ear and The Public Eye -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , Hedda Gabler -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Virginia -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , The Way of the World -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Three Tall Women -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . She received Tony Award nominations for Private Lives -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and Night and Day -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , before winning the 1990 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for Lettice and Lovage . Other stage roles include Stratford Shakespeare Festival productions of Antony and Cleopatra -LRB- 1976 -RRB- and Macbeth -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , and West End productions of A Delicate Balance -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and The Breath of Life -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .   On screen , Smith first drew praise for the crime film Nowhere to Go -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , for which she received her first BAFTA Award nomination . She has won two Academy Awards , winning Best Actress for The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie -LRB- 1969 -RRB- and Best Supporting Actress for California Suite -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . She is one of only six actresses to have won in both categories . She has won a record four BAFTA Awards for Best Actress , including for A Private Function -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , a BAFTA for Best Supporting Actress for Tea With Mussolini -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and three Golden Globe Awards . A six-time Oscar nominee , her other nominations were for Othello -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , Travels with My Aunt -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , A Room with a View -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , and Gosford Park -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .   Smith played Professor Minerva McGonagall in the Harry Potter film series -LRB- 2001 -- 11 -RRB- . Other notable films include Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Death on the Nile -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , Clash of the Titans -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Evil Under the Sun -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Hook -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Sister Act -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and The Lady in the Van -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . She won an Emmy Award in 2003 for My House in Umbria , to become one of the few actresses to have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting , and starred as Lady Violet Crawley , Dowager Countess of Grantham on Downton Abbey -LRB- 2010 -- 15 -RRB- , for which she won three Emmys , her first non-ensemble Screen Actors Guild Award and her third Golden Globe . Her honorary awards include the BAFTA Special Award -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , the BAFTA Fellowship -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , and the Special Olivier Award -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . She received the Stratford Shakespeare Festival 's Legacy Award in 2012 , and the Evening Standard Icon Award in 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jackie Robinson died in the seventies.", "evidence": "Jack Roosevelt Robinson -LRB- January 31 , 1919 -- October 24 , 1972 -RRB- was an American professional baseball second baseman who became the first African American to play in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- in the modern era . Robinson broke the baseball color line when the Brooklyn Dodgers started him at first base on April 15 , 1947 . The Dodgers , by signing Robinson , heralded the end of racial segregation in professional baseball that had relegated black players to the Negro leagues since the 1880s . Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962 .   Robinson had an exceptional 10-year baseball career . He was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947 , was an All-Star for six consecutive seasons from 1949 through 1954 , and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 -- the first black player so honored . Robinson played in six World Series and contributed to the Dodgers ' 1955 World Series championship .   In 1997 , MLB `` universally '' retired his uniform number , 42 , across all major league teams ; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored . MLB also adopted a new annual tradition , `` Jackie Robinson Day '' , for the first time on April 15 , 2004 , on which every player on every team wears No. 42 .   Robinson 's character , his use of nonviolence , and his unquestionable talent challenged the traditional basis of segregation which then marked many other aspects of American life . He influenced the culture of and contributed significantly to the Civil Rights Movement . Robinson also was the first black television analyst in MLB , and the first black vice president of a major American corporation , Chock full o'Nuts . In the 1960s , he helped establish the Freedom National Bank , an African-American-owned financial institution based in Harlem , New York . After his death in 1972 , in recognition of his achievements on and off the field , Robinson was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal and Presidential Medal of Freedom .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eric Trump's father's birthday is June 14.", "evidence": "Eric Frederick Trump -LRB- born January 6 , 1984 -RRB- is an American businessman , philanthropist , and former reality TV personality . He is the third child and second son of the President of the United States , Donald Trump , and Ivana Trump . Alongside his older brother Donald Trump Jr. , he serves as a trustee of The Trump Organization . A longtime executive vice president of the firm , Trump and his brother are running the company during their father 's administration . From 2007 to 2016 , he founded and led The Eric Trump Foundation , a charity that raised money for St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital .  Donald John Trump -LRB- born June 14 , 1946 -RRB- is the 45th and current President of the United States . Before entering politics , he was a businessman and television personality .   Trump was born and raised in Queens , New York City , and earned an economics degree from the Wharton School . He then took charge of The Trump Organization , the real estate and construction firm founded by his paternal grandmother , which he ran for 45 years until 2016 . During his real estate career , Trump built , renovated , and managed numerous office towers , hotels , casinos , and golf courses . Besides real estate , he started several side ventures and has licensed the use of his name for the branding of various products and properties , including Trump Entertainment Resorts , Trump Steaks , and Trump Vodka . He was the founder of Trump University . He owned the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants from 1996 to 2015 , and he produced and hosted The Apprentice , a reality television series on NBC , from 2004 to 2015 . His net worth was estimated to be $ 3.5 billion , making him the 544th richest person in the world .   Trump first publicly expressed interest in running for political office in 1987 . He won two Reform Party presidential primaries in 2000 , but withdrew his candidacy early on . In June 2015 , he launched his campaign for the 2016 presidential election and quickly emerged as the front-runner among seventeen candidates in the Republican primaries . His remaining opponents all suspended their campaigns by the end of May 2016 , and in July he was formally nominated at the Republican National Convention along with Indiana governor Mike Pence as his running mate . Many of his campaign statements were controversial or false , generating much free media coverage .   Trump won the general election on November 8 , 2016 , in a surprise victory against Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton and commenced his presidency on January 20 , 2017 . He became the oldest and wealthiest person ever to assume the presidency , the first without prior military or government service , and the fifth to have won the election while losing the popular vote . His political positions have been described by scholars and commentators as populist , protectionist , and nationalist .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ethiopia is a state.", "evidence": "Ethiopia -LRB- -LSB- \u02cci\u02d0\u03b8i\u02c8o\u028api\u0259 -RSB- \u12a2\u1275\u12ee\u1335\u12eb , , -RRB- , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia -LRB- \u12e8\u12a2\u1275\u12ee\u1335\u12eb \u134c\u12f4\u122b\u120b\u12ca \u12f2\u121e\u12ad\u122b\u1232\u12eb\u12ca \u122a\u1350\u1265\u120a\u12ad , ye\u02be\u012atiyo\u1e57\u1e57ya F\u0113d\u0113ralaw\u012b D\u0113mokiras\u012byaw\u012b R\u012bpebil\u012bk -RRB- , is a country located in the Horn of Africa . It shares borders with Eritrea to the north and northeast , Djibouti and Somalia to the east , Sudan and South Sudan to the west , and Kenya to the south . With over 100 million inhabitants , Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world , as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria . It occupies a total area of 1,100,000 km2 , and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa .   Some of the oldest evidence for anatomically modern humans has been found in Ethiopia . It is widely considered as the region from which modern humans first set out for the Middle East and places beyond . According to linguists , the first Afroasiatic-speaking populations settled in the Horn region during the ensuing Neolithic era . Tracing its roots to the 2nd millennium BC , Ethiopia was a monarchy for most of its history . During the first centuries AD , the Kingdom of Aksum maintained a unified civilization in the region , followed by the Ethiopian Empire circa 1137 . Ethiopia derived prestige with its uniquely successful military resistance during the late 19th-century Scramble for Africa , becoming the only African country to defeat a European colonial power and retain its sovereignty . Subsequently , many African nations adopted the colors of Ethiopia 's flag following their independence . It was the first independent African member of the 20th-century League of Nations and the United Nations . In 1974 , at the end of Haile Selassie 's reign , power fell to a communist military dictatorship known as the Derg , backed by the Soviet Union , until it was defeated by the Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front , which has ruled since about the time of the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 .   Ethiopia 's ancient Ge'ez script , also known as Ethiopic , is one of the oldest alphabets still in use in the world . The Ethiopian calendar , which is approximately seven years and three months behind the Gregorian calendar , co-exists alongside the Borana calendar . A majority of the population adheres to Christianity -LRB- mainly the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church and P'ent ` ay -RRB- , while around a third follows Islam -LRB- primarily Sunni Islam -RRB- . The country is the site of the Migration to Abyssinia and the oldest Muslim settlement in Africa at Negash . A substantial population of Ethiopian Jews , known as Bete Israel , resided in Ethiopia until the 1980s , but most of them have since emigrated to Israel . Ethiopia is a multilingual nation with around 80 ethnolinguistic groups , the four largest of which are the Oromiffa , Amhara , Somali , and Tigrayans . Most people in the country speak Afroasiatic languages of the Cushitic or Semitic branches . Additionally , Omotic languages are spoken by ethnic minority groups inhabiting the southern regions . Nilo-Saharan languages are also spoken by the nation 's Nilotic ethnic minorities .   Ethiopia is the place of origin for the coffee bean which originated from the place called Kefa -LRB- which was one of the 14 provinces in the old Ethiopian administration -RRB- . It is a land of natural contrasts , with its vast fertile West , jungles , and numerous rivers , and the world 's hottest settlement of Dallol in its north . The Ethiopian Highlands are Africa 's largest continuous mountain ranges , and Sof Omar Caves contain Africa 's largest cave . Ethiopia has the most UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Africa .   Ethiopia is one of the founding members of the UN , the Group of 24 -LRB- G-24 -RRB- , the Non-Aligned Movement , G-77 and the Organisation of African Unity . Ethiopia 's capital city Addis Ababa serves as the headquarters of the African Union , the Pan African Chamber of Commerce and Industry , the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa , African Aviation Training HQ , the African Standby Force , and many of the global NGOs focused on Africa . In the 1970s and 1980s , Ethiopia suffered from civil wars and communist purges which devastated its economy . The country has begun to recover recently however , and now has the largest economy -LRB- by GDP -RRB- in East Africa and Central Africa . According to Global Fire Power , Ethiopia has the 42nd most powerful military in the world , and the third most powerful in Africa .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "On February 18, 1949, Gary Ridgway was born.", "evidence": "Gary Leon Ridgway -LRB- born February 18 , 1949 -RRB- is an American serial killer known as the Green River Killer . He was initially convicted of 48 separate murders and later confessed to nearly twice that number . As part of his plea bargain , an additional conviction was added , bringing the total number of convictions to 49 , making him the most prolific American serial killer in history according to confirmed murders . He murdered numerous women and girls in Washington State during the 1980s and 1990s . Most of his victims were alleged to be sex workers and other women in vulnerable situations , including underage runaways . The press gave him his nickname after the first five victims were found in the Green River before his identity was known . He strangled the women , usually by hand but sometimes using ligatures . After strangling them , he would dump their bodies in forested and overgrown areas in King County , often returning to the dead bodies to have sexual intercourse with them .   On November 30 , 2001 , as he was leaving the Kenworth truck factory where he worked in Renton , Washington , he was arrested for the murders of four women whose cases were linked to him through DNA evidence . As part of a plea bargain wherein he agreed to disclose the locations of still-missing women , he was spared the death penalty and received a sentence of life imprisonment without parole .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eva Longoria has starred in Harsh Times.", "evidence": "Eva Longoria Bast\u00f3n -LRB- born Eva Jacqueline Longoria ; March 15 , 1975 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , director , activist and businesswoman . After a series of guest roles on several television series , Longoria was first recognized for her portrayal of Isabella Bra\u00f1a on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless , on which she starred from 2001 to 2003 . She is perhaps best known for her role as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives , which ran from 2004 to 2012 and for which she received Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations . She has also appeared in Harsh Times -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , The Sentinel -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and Over Her Dead Body -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . From 2015 to 2016 , Longoria starred as Ana Sofia Calder\u00f3n on the short-lived NBC sitcom Telenovela , and served as an executive producer for the Lifetime television series Devious Maids .   Longoria has also appeared in several advertising campaigns and has been named one of Hollywood 's most beautiful women by several publications , including People en Espa\u00f1ol and People magazines . She currently holds contracts with L'Or\u00e9al , Hanes , and New York & Co , among others .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Angela Lansbury was born to a family that was upper-middle-class.", "evidence": "Dame Angela Brigid Lansbury , -LRB- born 16 October 1925 -RRB- is a British-American-Irish actress who has appeared in theatre , television and film , as well as a producer , voice actress , singer , and songwriter . Her career has spanned seven decades , much of it in the United States , and her work has attracted international attention .   Lansbury was born to an upper-middle-class family in central London , the daughter of actress Moyna Macgill and politician Edgar Lansbury . To escape the Blitz , in 1940 she moved to the United States with her mother and two younger brothers , and studied acting in New York City . Proceeding to Hollywood in 1942 , she signed to MGM and obtained her first film roles , in Gaslight -LRB- 1944 -RRB- and The Picture of Dorian Gray -LRB- 1945 -RRB- , earning her two Oscar nominations and a Golden Globe Award . She appeared in eleven further MGM films , mostly in minor roles , and after her contract ended in 1952 she began supplementing her cinematic work with theatrical appearances . Although largely seen as a B-list star during this period , her appearance in the film The Manchurian Candidate -LRB- 1962 -RRB- received widespread acclaim and is cited as being one of her finest performances . Moving into musical theatre , Lansbury finally gained stardom for playing the leading role in the Broadway musical Mame -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , which earned her a range of awards and established her as a gay icon .   Amid difficulties in her personal life , Lansbury moved from California to County Cork , Ireland , in 1970 , and continued with a variety of theatrical and cinematic appearances throughout that decade . These included leading roles in the stage musicals Gypsy , Sweeney Todd , and The King and I , as well as in the hit Disney film Bedknobs and Broomsticks -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . Moving into television , she achieved worldwide fame as fictional writer and sleuth Jessica Fletcher in the American whodunit series Murder , She Wrote , which ran for twelve seasons from 1984 until 1996 , becoming one of the longest-running and most popular detective drama series in television history . Through Corymore Productions , a company that she co-owned with her husband Peter Shaw , Lansbury assumed ownership of the series and was its executive producer for the final four seasons . She also moved into voice work , thereby contributing to animated films such as Disney 's Beauty and the Beast -LRB- 1991 -RRB- . Since then , she has toured in a variety of international theatrical productions and continued to make occasional film appearances .   In 2014 , Lansbury was made a Dame by Queen Elizabeth II in a ceremony at Windsor Castle for `` services to drama , charitable work , and philanthropy . '' Lansbury has received an Honorary Oscar and has won five Tony Awards , six Golden Globes , an Olivier Award , and one Grammy Award . She has also been nominated for numerous other industry awards , including the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress on three occasions , and various Primetime Emmy Awards on eighteen occasions . She has been the subject of three biographies .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The World Science Festival is produced by the World Science Foundation.", "evidence": "The World Science Festival is an annual science festival produced by the World Science Foundation , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- non-profit organization headquartered in New York City .   The foundation 's mission is to cultivate a general public informed by science , inspired by its wonder , convinced of its value , and prepared to engage with its implications for the future .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "XXx: Return of Xander Cage has the writer F. Scott Frazier.", "evidence": "xXx : Return of Xander Cage -LRB- released as xXx : Reactivated in some countries -RRB- is a 2017 American action film directed by D. J. Caruso and written by F. Scott Frazier . The film stars Vin Diesel , Donnie Yen , Deepika Padukone , Kris Wu , Ruby Rose , Tony Jaa , Nina Dobrev , Toni Collette , and Samuel L. Jackson . It is the third installment in the xXx franchise and a sequel to both xXx -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and xXx : State of the Union -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .   Unlike the previous films , which were distributed by Columbia Pictures , the film was released by Paramount Pictures on January 20 , 2017 , in 2D , RealD 3D and IMAX 3D . This also marks the first film produced by Revolution Studios in ten years since 2007 's The Water Horse : Legend of the Deep . The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed over $ 346 million worldwide against a production budget of $ 85 million , making it the eighth highest-grossing film of 2017 , the highest-grossing film of Revolution Studios and in the franchise .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kid Rock is an artist.", "evidence": "Robert James Ritchie -LRB- born January 17 , 1971 -RRB- , known professionally as Kid Rock , is an American singer , rapper , songwriter , musician , record producer , and actor . His 1998 album Devil Without a Cause sold 14 million copies worldwide . He is a five-time Grammy Award nominee and has sold 25 million albums in the U.S. according to Nielsen SoundScan . The RIAA certified him selling 23.5 million albums . He has sold over 35 million records worldwide and he was Soundscan 's number-one selling male solo musician of the 2000s , selling 17.6 million albums ; he was 17th overall for the decade .   Rock performed rap and hip hop with five releases between 1990 and 1997 , including a reissue and an EP . After signing a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 1998 , he gained commercial success in the rap rock genre behind the singles `` Bawitdaba '' , `` Cowboy '' and `` Only God Knows Why '' -LRB- the latter foreshadowing his move into country rock -RRB- . After the success of Devil Without a Cause in 2000 , he released The History of Rock , a compilation of remixed and remastered versions of songs from previous albums as well as the hit rock single , `` American Bad Ass '' .   Rock 's follow-up records became more rock - , country - , and blues-oriented , starting with 2001 's Cocky . His collaboration with Sheryl Crow on the song `` Picture '' was his first country hit and biggest pop hit in the US to date charting at No. 4 on the Hot 100 . After 2003 's Kid Rock and 2006 's Live Trucker sales declined from the previous releases , he then released Rock n Roll Jesus in 2007 . The album featured the song `` All Summer Long '' , which charted at No. 1 in eight countries across Europe and Australia . In 2010 , he released Born Free , which featured an eponymous song that became the political campaign theme of Mitt Romney , the Republican nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 election .   Rock released Rebel Soul on November 19 , 2012 behind the rock hit `` Let 's Ride '' . The album was certified gold in April 2013 . Kid Rock released First Kiss on February 24 , 2015 behind the hit title track .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hillary Clinton was employed in the Obama administration.", "evidence": "Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8h\u026al\u0259ri_da\u026a\u02c8\u00e6n_\u02c8r\u0252d\u0259m_\u02c8kl\u026ant\u0259n -RSB- born October 26 , 1947 -RRB- is an American politician who was the 67th United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013 , U.S. Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009 , First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001 , and the Democratic Party 's nominee for President of the United States in the 2016 election .   Born in Chicago , Illinois , and raised in the Chicago suburb of Park Ridge , Clinton graduated from Wellesley College in 1969 , and earned a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1973 . After serving as a congressional legal counsel , she moved to Arkansas and married Bill Clinton in 1975 . In 1977 , she co-founded Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families . She was appointed the first female chair of the Legal Services Corporation in 1978 and became the first female partner at Rose Law Firm the following year . As First Lady of Arkansas , she led a task force whose recommendations helped reform Arkansas 's public schools .   As First Lady of the United States , Clinton was an advocate for gender equality and healthcare reform . Her relationship with her husband came under public speculation during the Lewinsky scandal , forcing her to issue a statement reaffirming her commitment to the marriage . Clinton was elected in 2000 as the first female senator from New York . She was re-elected to the Senate in 2006 . Running for president in 2008 , she won far more delegates than any previous female candidate , but lost the Democratic nomination to Barack Obama .   As Secretary of State in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2013 , Clinton responded to the Arab Spring , during which she advocated the U.S. military intervention in Libya . She helped organize a diplomatic isolation and international sanctions regime against Iran , in an effort to force curtailment of that country 's nuclear program ; this would eventually lead to the multinational Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action agreement in 2015 . Leaving office after Obama 's first term , she wrote her fifth book and undertook speaking engagements .   Clinton made a second presidential run in 2016 . She received the most votes and primary delegates in the 2016 Democratic primaries , and formally accepted her party 's nomination for President of the United States on July 28 , 2016 with vice presidential running mate Senator Tim Kaine . She became the first female candidate to be nominated for president by a major U.S. political party . Despite winning a plurality of the national popular vote , Clinton lost the Electoral College and the presidency to her Republican opponent Donald Trump . Following her loss , in 2017 she decided to focus on being a self-described `` activist citizen '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Ten Commandments (1956 film) is a 1956 American movie.", "evidence": "The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision -LRB- color by Technicolor -RRB- , and released by Paramount Pictures . The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus . The Ten Commandments dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses , an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren , the enslaved Hebrews , and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai , where he receives , from God , the Ten Commandments . The film stars Charlton Heston in the lead role , Yul Brynner as Rameses , Anne Baxter as Nefretiri , Edward G. Robinson as Dathan , Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora , Debra Paget as Lilia , and John Derek as Joshua ; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi , Nina Foch as Bithiah , Martha Scott as Yoshebel , Judith Anderson as Memnet , and Vincent Price as Baka , among others .   Filmed on location in Egypt , Mount Sinai and the Sinai Peninsula , the film was DeMille 's last and most successful work . It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title , and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film . The film was released to cinemas in the USA on 5 October 1956 and , at the time of its release , was the most expensive film ever made .   In 1957 , the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture , winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects -LRB- John P. Fulton , A.S.C. -RRB- . Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture -LRB- Drama -RRB- for his role as Moses . Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I . It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made , grossing approximately $ 122.7 million at the box office during its initial release ; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest-grossing film of the decade . According to Guinness World Records , in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation .   In 1999 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' . In June 2008 , the American Film Institute revealed its `` Ten Top Ten '' -- the best ten films in ten American film genres -- after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community . The film was listed as the tenth best film in the epic genre . Network television has aired the film in prime time during the Passover/Easter season every year since 1973 . The last credited actor in the movie still alive is Joanna Merlin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Kangana Ranaut was alive.", "evidence": "Kangana Ranaut -LRB- -LSB- k\u0259\u014b\u0261\u0259na\u02d0 ra\u02d0\u0273o\u02d0\u0288\u02b0 -RSB- ; born 23 March 1986 -RRB- is an Indian film actress . She has established a career in Bollywood and is one of the highest-paid actresses in India . Ranaut is particularly known in the media for expressing her honest opinions in public and is frequently credited as one of the most fashionable Indian celebrities . She is the recipient of several awards , including three National Film Awards and Filmfare Awards in four categories .   Born in Bhambla , a small town in Himachal Pradesh , Ranaut initially aspired to become a doctor at the insistence of her parents . Determined to build her own career path , she relocated to Delhi at age sixteen , where she briefly became a model . After training under the theatre director Arvind Gaur , Ranaut made her feature film debut in the 2006 thriller Gangster , for which she was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut . She received praise for portraying emotionally intense characters in the dramas Woh Lamhe -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Life in a. . . Metro -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Fashion -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . For the last of these , she won the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress and a Filmfare Award in the same category .   Ranaut featured in the commercially successful films Raaz : The Mystery Continues -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , though she was criticised for being typecast in neurotic roles . A comic role opposite R. Madhavan in the 2011 box office hit Tanu Weds Manu was well-received , though this was followed by a series of brief , glamorous roles in films that failed to propel her career forward . She then played a mutant opposite Hrithik Roshan in the science fiction film Krrish 3 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , one of the highest-grossing Bollywood films , and won the Filmfare and National Film Award for Best Actress for her performance in the comedy-drama Queen -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . In 2015 , Ranaut portrayed a dual role in Tanu Weds Manu Returns , the most successful Bollywood film featuring a female protagonist , for which she won a Filmfare Critics Award and a second consecutive National Film Award for Best Actress .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marlon Brando took part in a film adapted from the work of a writer of more than 40 books.", "evidence": "Marlon Brando , Jr. -LRB- April 3 , 1924 -- July 1 , 2004 -RRB- was an American actor , film director and political activist . He is credited with bringing realism to film acting . He helped to popularize the Stanislavski system of acting , studying with Stella Adler in the 1940s . Brando is widely known for his Academy Award-winning performances as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront -LRB- 1954 -RRB- and Vito Corleone in The Godfather -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , as well as his performances in A Streetcar Named Desire -LRB- 1951 -RRB- , Viva Zapata ! -LRB- 1952 -RRB- , Julius Caesar -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , The Wild One -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , Guys and Dolls -LRB- 1955 -RRB- , Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , Reflections in a Golden Eye -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , Last Tango in Paris -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , and Apocalypse Now -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . Brando was also an activist for many causes , notably the Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements .   He initially gained acclaim and an Academy Award nomination for reprising the role of Stanley Kowalski in the 1951 film adaptation of Tennessee Williams ' play A Streetcar Named Desire , a role that he had originated successfully on Broadway . He received further praise for his performance as Terry Malloy in On the Waterfront , and his portrayal of the rebel motorcycle gang leader Johnny Strabler in The Wild One proved to be a lasting image in popular culture . Brando received Academy Award nominations for playing Emiliano Zapata in Viva Zapata ! ; Mark Antony in Joseph L. Mankiewicz 's 1953 film adaptation of Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar ; and Air Force Major Lloyd Gruver in Sayonara -LRB- 1957 -RRB- , an adaption of James Michener 's 1954 novel . Brando was included in a list of Top Ten Money Making Stars three times in the 1950s , coming in at number 10 in 1954 , number 6 in 1955 , and number 4 in 1958 .   The 1960s proved to be a fallow decade for Brando . He directed and starred in the cult western film One-Eyed Jacks , a critical and commercial flop , after which he delivered a series of box-office failures , beginning with the 1962 film adaptation of the novel Mutiny on the Bounty . After 10 years , during which he did not appear in a successful film , he won his second Academy Award for playing Vito Corleone in Francis Ford Coppola 's The Godfather , a role critics consider among his greatest . The Godfather was then one of the most commercially successful films of all time . With that and his Oscar-nominated performance in Last Tango in Paris , Brando re-established himself in the ranks of top box-office stars , placing sixth and tenth in the Money Making Stars poll in 1972 and 1973 , respectively . Brando took a four-year hiatus before appearing in The Missouri Breaks -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . After this , he was content with being a highly paid character actor in cameo roles , such as in Superman -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The Formula -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , before taking a nine-year break from motion pictures . According to the Guinness Book of World Records , Brando was paid a record $ 3.7 million -LRB- $ million in inflation-adjusted dollars -RRB- and 11.75 % of the gross profits for 13 days ' work on Superman . He finished out the 1970s with his controversial performance as Colonel Kurtz in another Coppola film , Apocalypse Now , a box-office hit for which he was highly paid and which helped finance his career layoff during the 1980s .   Brando was ranked by the American Film Institute as the fourth-greatest movie star among male movie stars whose screen debuts occurred in or before 1950 . He was one of only three professional actors , along with Charlie Chaplin and Marilyn Monroe , named in 1999 by Time magazine as one of its 100 Most Important People of the Century . He died of respiratory failure on July 1 , 2004 , at age 80 .  James Albert Michener -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u026at\u0283n\u0259r -RSB- February 3 , 1907 -- October 16 , 1997 -RRB- was an American author of more than 40 books , most of which were fictional , lengthy family sagas covering the lives of many generations in particular geographic locales and incorporating solid history . Michener was known for the popularity of his works ; he had numerous bestsellers and works selected for Book of the Month Club . He was also known for his meticulous research behind the books .   Michener 's novels include Tales of the South Pacific for which he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1948 , Hawaii , The Drifters , Centennial , The Source , The Fires of Spring , Chesapeake , Caribbean , Caravans , Alaska , Texas , and Poland . His non-fiction works include Iberia , about his travels in Spain and Portugal ; his memoir titled The World Is My Home ; and Sports in America . Return to Paradise combines fictional short stories with Michener 's factual descriptions of the Pacific areas where they take place .   His first book was adapted as the popular Broadway musical South Pacific by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein , and later as eponymous feature films in 1958 and 2001 , adding to his financial success . He also wrote an analysis of the United States ' Electoral College system in a book which condemned it , entitled Presidential Lottery : The Reckless Gamble in Our Electoral System . It was published in 1969 , and republished in 2014 and 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ringo Starr replaced Pete Best.", "evidence": "Richard Starkey , -LRB- born 7 July 1940 -RRB- , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles . He occasionally sang lead vocals , usually for one song on an album , including `` With a Little Help from My Friends '' , `` Yellow Submarine '' and their cover of `` Act Naturally '' . He also wrote the Beatles ' songs `` Do n't Pass Me By '' and `` Octopus 's Garden '' , and is credited as a co-writer of others , including `` What Goes On '' and `` Flying '' .   Starr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during childhood , and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations fell behind in school . In 1955 , he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at a Liverpool equipment manufacturer . Soon afterwards , he became interested in the UK skiffle craze , developing a fervent admiration for the genre . In 1957 , he cofounded his first band , the Eddie Clayton Skiffle Group , which earned several prestigious local bookings before the fad succumbed to American rock and roll by early 1958 .   When the Beatles formed in 1960 , Starr was a member of another Liverpool group , Rory Storm and the Hurricanes . After achieving moderate success with that band in the UK and Hamburg , he quit the Hurricanes and joined the Beatles in August 1962 , replacing Pete Best . Starr played key roles in the Beatles ' films and appeared in numerous others . After the band 's break-up in 1970 , he released several successful singles including the US number four hit `` It Do n't Come Easy '' , and number ones `` Photograph '' and `` You 're Sixteen '' . In 1972 , he released his most successful UK single , `` Back Off Boogaloo '' , which peaked at number two . He achieved commercial and critical success with his 1973 album Ringo , which was a top ten release in both the UK and the US . He has been featured in a number of documentaries and hosted television shows . He also narrated the first two series of the children 's television programme Thomas & Friends and portrayed `` Mr Conductor '' during the first season of the PBS children 's television series Shining Time Station . Since 1989 , he has toured with twelve variations of Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band .   Starr 's creative contribution to music has received praise from other drummers such as Phil Collins , who described him as `` a great musician '' , and Steve Smith , who commented : `` Before Ringo , drum stars were measured by their soloing ability and virtuosity . Ringo 's popularity brought forth a new paradigm ... we started to see the drummer as an equal participant in the compositional aspect ... His parts are so signature to the songs that you can listen to a Ringo drum part without the rest of the music and still identify the song . '' He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 1998 . In 2011 , Rolling Stone readers named Starr the fifth-greatest drummer of all time . Starr , who was previously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a Beatle in 1988 , was inducted for his solo career in 2015 , making him one of 21 performers inducted more than once .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Oscar Robertson is American.", "evidence": "Oscar Palmer Robertson -LRB- born November 24 , 1938 -RRB- , nicknamed `` The Big O '' , is an American former National Basketball Association player who played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks . The 6 ft , 205 lb Robertson played point guard and was a 12-time All-Star , 11-time member of the All-NBA Team , and one-time winner of the MVP award in 14 professional seasons . In 1962 , he became the first of only two players in NBA history to average a triple-double for a season . In the 1970 -- 71 NBA season , he was a key player on the team that brought the Bucks their only NBA title . His playing career , especially during high school and college , was plagued by racism .   Robertson is a two-time Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame inductee , having been inducted in 1980 for his individual career , and in 2010 as a member of the 1960 United States men 's Olympic basketball team and president of the National Basketball Players Association . He also was voted one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History in 1996 . The United States Basketball Writers Association renamed their College Player of the Year Award the Oscar Robertson Trophy in his honor in 1998 , and he was one of five people chosen to represent the inaugural National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame class in 2006 . He was ranked as the 36th best American athlete of the 20th century by ESPN .   Robertson was also an integral part of Robertson v. National Basketball Ass 'n of 1970 . The landmark NBA antitrust suit , named after the then-president of the NBA Players ' Association , led to an extensive reform of the league 's strict free agency and draft rules and , subsequently , to higher salaries for all players .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Wyoming is the least populous state in the United States.", "evidence": "Wyoming -LSB- wa\u026a\u02c8o\u028am\u026a\u014b -RSB- is a state in the mountain region of the western United States . The state is the tenth largest by area , the least populous and the second least densely populated state in the country . Wyoming is bordered on the north by Montana , on the east by South Dakota and Nebraska , on the south by Colorado , on the southwest by Utah , and on the west by Idaho . Cheyenne is the capital and the most populous city in Wyoming , with a population estimate of 63,335 in 2015 . The state population was estimated at 586,107 in 2015 , which is less than the population of 31 of the largest U.S. cities .   The western two-thirds of the state is covered mostly with the mountain ranges and rangelands in the Rocky Mountains , while the eastern third of the state is high elevation prairie known as the High Plains . Almost half of the land in Wyoming is owned by the U.S. government , leading Wyoming to rank sixth in the United States in total acres and fifth in percentage of a state 's land owned by the federal government . The federal lands include two national parksGrand Teton and Yellowstonetwo national recreation areas and two national monuments , as well as several national forests , historic sites , fish hatcheries , and wildlife refuges .   The Crow , Arapaho , Lakota , and Shoshone were some of the original inhabitants of the region . Southwestern Wyoming was included in the Spanish Empire and then Mexican territory until it was ceded to the United States in 1848 at the end of the Mexican -- American War . The region acquired the name Wyoming when a bill was introduced to Congress in 1865 to provide a `` temporary government for the territory of Wyoming . '' The territory was named after the Wyoming Valley in Pennsylvania , with the name ultimately being derived from the Munsee word xw\u00e9 : wam\u0259nk , meaning `` at the big river flat . ''   The mineral-extraction industryespecially coal , oil , natural gas , and tronaalong with the travel and tourism sector , are the main drivers behind Wyoming 's economy . Agriculture has historically been an important component of the state economy with the main commodities being livestock -LRB- beef -RRB- , hay , sugar beets , grain -LRB- wheat and barley -RRB- , and wool . The climate is generally semi-arid and continental , being drier and windier in comparison to the rest of the United States , with greater temperature extremes .   Except for the 1964 election , Wyoming has been a politically conservative state since the 1950s , with the Republican party winning every presidential election .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Heartland has no nationality.", "evidence": "Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14 , 2007 .   The series is based on the Heartland book series by Lauren Brooke . Heartland follows sisters Amy and Lou Fleming , their grandfather Jack Bartlett , and Ty Borden , through the highs and lows of life at the ranch .   As of the episode shown on March 29 , 2015 , Heartland surpassed Street Legal as the longest-running one-hour scripted drama in the history of Canadian television . It celebrated its ten-year anniversary in 2016 , and Season 10 began airing October 2 , 2016 . It was announced on March 22 , 2017 that Heartland was renewed for Season 11 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Following was only directed by Martin Scorsese.", "evidence": "Following is a 1998 British neo-noir crime drama film written and directed by Christopher Nolan . It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance .   As Christopher Nolan 's debut feature , it was designed to be as inexpensive as possible to make . Scenes were heavily rehearsed so that just one or two takes were needed to economise on 16mm film stock , the production 's greatest expense ; and for which Nolan was paying from his salary . Unable to afford expensive professional lighting equipment , Nolan mostly used available light . Along with writing , directing , and photographing the film , Nolan also helped in editing and production .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jacinda Barrett is a person.", "evidence": "Jacinda Barrett -LRB- born August 2 , 1972 -RRB- , an Australian-American actress and former model , first became known to audiences as a cast member on The Real World : London -LRB- 1995 -RRB- before appearing in films such as The Human Stain -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Ladder 49 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , The Namesake -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Poseidon -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and The Last Kiss -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .   She appeared in the series The Following in 2013 and joined the main cast of the Netflix series Bloodline , which launched in 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ubisoft created Assassin's Creed.", "evidence": "Assassin 's Creed is a franchise centered on an action-adventure video-game series developed by Ubisoft . It depicts in the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins , who fight for peace with free will , and the Templars , who desire peace through control . Featuring historical fiction and characters , mixed with real-world historical events , and figures . The series took inspiration from the novel Alamut by the Slovenian writer Vladimir Bartol , while building upon concepts from the Prince of Persia series .   The franchise began in 2007 with the release of Assassin 's Creed . The main videogame series consists of nine games , developed by Ubisoft Montreal -LRB- single player -RRB- and Ubisoft Annecy -LRB- multiplayer -RRB- , released on PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , Wii U , Microsoft Windows , and OS X platforms . Many spin-off games have been made for Nintendo DS , PlayStation Portable , PlayStation Vita , iOS , HP webOS , Android , Nokia Symbian Windows Phone platforms , the handheld games are developed by Gameloft and Gryptonite Studios , with additional development by Ubisoft Montreal . The series has been well received by the public and critics , and has sold over 100 million copies , becoming Ubisoft 's best selling franchise and one of the highest selling video game franchises of all time .   Additionally from the video-games the series has been expanded into a film , comics and novels ; all of which take place within the same continuity as the main video-games series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Edgar Award honors the best in TV.", "evidence": "The Edgar Allan Poe Awards -LRB- popularly called the Edgars -RRB- , named after Edgar Allan Poe , are presented every year by the Mystery Writers of America , based in New York City . They honor the best in mystery fiction , non-fiction , television , film , and theater published or produced in the previous year .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lewis Hamilton is a race car driver.", "evidence": "Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton , MBE -LRB- born 7 January 1985 -RRB- is a British Formula One racing driver from England , currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team . A three-time Formula One World Champion , he is regarded by fellow and former drivers as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the history of the sport . He won his first title with McLaren in 2008 before moving to Mercedes , where he won back-to-back titles in 2014 and 2015 .   In December 1995 , at the age of ten , he approached McLaren team principal Ron Dennis at the Autosport Awards ceremony and told him , `` I want to race for you one day ... I want to race for McLaren . '' Less than three years later McLaren and Mercedes-Benz signed him to their Young Driver Support Programme . After winning the British Formula Renault , Formula Three Euroseries , and GP2 championships on his way up the racing career ladder , he drove for McLaren in 2007 , making his Formula One debut 12 years after his initial encounter with Dennis . Hamilton 's contract for the McLaren driver development program made him the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which later resulted in a Formula One drive .   Coming from a mixed background , with a black father and white mother , Hamilton is the first black driver to race in Formula One . Hamilton commented on this , saying `` The way I see it , my colour is an advantage in that it 's something people talk about '' , `` Being the first black man does n't matter much to me personally , but for the sport itself it probably means quite a lot . ''   In his first season in Formula One , Hamilton set numerous records while finishing second in the 2007 Formula One Championship , just one point behind Kimi R\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen . He won the World Championship the following season in dramatic fashion , becoming the then-youngest Formula One World Champion in history before Sebastian Vettel broke the record two years later . Following his second world title in 2014 , he was named BBC Sports Personality of the Year . In 2015 , he became the first British driver in history to win consecutive F1 titles , and the second British driver to win three titles after Jackie Stewart . He also became the first English driver to reach that milestone . He is the first driver in the history of F1 to have made the podium after starting 20th place or lower at least 3 times . He is the only driver in the history of the sport to have won at least one race in each season he has competed to date , with McLaren from 2007 until 2012 , and with Mercedes since 2013 . He has more race victories than any other British driver in the history of Formula One . His Grand Prix victories is the second highest of all-time having surpassed Alain Prost 's total of 51 at the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix , behind only Michael Schumacher at 91 . Hamilton also holds the record for most wins in the season without winning the World Championship , after winning 10 times in the 2016 season where he finished runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Girls' Generation features Taeyeon.", "evidence": "Girls ' Generation , also known as SNSD , is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M. Entertainment . The group is composed of eight members : Taeyeon , Sunny , Tiffany , Hyoyeon , Yuri , Sooyoung , Yoona , and Seohyun . Originally a nine-piece group -LRB- with Jessica , who later departed from the group in September 2014 -RRB- , Girls ' Generation debuted in 2007 with their Korean eponymous debut album . Though the album gained some attention , it was not until 2009 that the group rose to fame with the single `` Gee '' , which claimed the top spot on KBS 's Music Bank for a record-breaking nine consecutive weeks and was named the most popular song of the 2000s in South Korea by Melon . Girls ' Generation further consolidated their popularity on the South Korean music scene with follow-up singles `` Tell Me Your Wish -LRB- Genie -RRB- '' , `` Oh ! '' , and `` Run Devil Run '' , which were released in mid-2009 and early 2010 .   In mid-2010 , Girls ' Generation signed with Nayutawave Records -LRB- present-day EMI Records Japan -RRB- to venture into the Japanese music scene . Their June 2011 self-titled Japanese debut album peaked atop the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart and became the first album by a non-Japanese girl group to be certified million by the Recording Industry Association of Japan . The group 's third Korean studio album The Boys was released in October 2011 and became the best-selling album of 2011 in South Korea with sales of over 380,000 copies . An English version of the single `` The Boys '' was released by Interscope Records in an attempt to expand the group 's endeavor to the global music scene . The group 's 2013 fourth Korean studio album I Got a Boy was supported by the single `` I Got a Boy '' , which was subjected to major attention from Western media following its winning the Video of the Year award at the inaugural YouTube Music Awards . Their fifth Korean studio album , Lion Heart , was released in 2015 .   Girls ' Generation 's signature musical styles are characterized as electropop and bubblegum pop , though their sounds have varied widely , incorporating various genres including hip hop , R&B , and EDM . They have sold over 4.4 million albums and 30 million digital singles as of 2012 . The group 's immense popularity in their native country South Korea has earned them numerous accolades and the titles `` The Nation 's Singers '' and `` The Nation 's Girl Group '' . Girls ' Generation is also deemed one of the prominent figures of the Korean Wave and one of the most popular K-pop acts internationally . They are the first Asian girl group to achieve five music videos with over 100 million views on YouTube : `` Gee '' , `` I Got a Boy '' , `` The Boys '' , `` Mr. Taxi '' , and `` Oh ! '' . In Japan , they became the first non-Japanese girl group to have three number-one albums on the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart , and their three Japanese concert tours attracted a record-breaking 550,000 spectators , more than any other Korean girl groups .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Pirates of the Caribbean is set in a fictional future setting.", "evidence": "Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy swashbuckler films produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney 's theme park ride of the same name .   Directors of the series include Gore Verbinski -LRB- 1 -- 3 -RRB- , Rob Marshall -LRB- 4 -RRB- , and Joachim R\u00f8nning and Espen Sandberg -LRB- 5 -RRB- . The series is primarily written by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio -LRB- 1 -- 4 -RRB- ; other writers include Stuart Beattie -LRB- 1 -RRB- , Jay Wolpert -LRB- 1 -RRB- , and Jeff Nathanson -LRB- 5 -RRB- . The stories follow the adventures of Captain Jack Sparrow -LRB- Johnny Depp -RRB- , Will Turner -LRB- Orlando Bloom -RRB- , and Elizabeth Swann -LRB- Keira Knightley -RRB- . Characters such as Hector Barbossa -LRB- Geoffrey Rush -RRB- and Joshamee Gibbs -LRB- Kevin McNally -RRB- follow Jack , Will , and Elizabeth in the course of the films . The fourth film features Blackbeard -LRB- Ian McShane -RRB- and Angelica -LRB- Pen\u00e9lope Cruz -RRB- , while the fifth film features Armando Salazar -LRB- Javier Bardem -RRB- , Henry Turner -LRB- Brenton Thwaites -RRB- and Carina Smyth -LRB- Kaya Scodelario -RRB- . The films take place in a fictional historical setting ; a world ruled by the British Empire , the East India Trading Company -LRB- based on the real East India Company -RRB- , and the Spanish Empire , with pirates representing freedom from the ruling powers .   The film series started in 2003 with Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl , which received positive reviews from the critics and grossed US$ 654 million worldwide . After the first film 's success , Walt Disney Pictures revealed that a trilogy was in the works . The franchise 's second film , subtitled Dead Man 's Chest , was released three years later in 2006 ; the sequel proved successful , breaking financial records worldwide the day of its premiere . Dead Man 's Chest ended up being the number one film of the year upon earning almost $ 1.1 billion at the worldwide box office . The third film in the series , subtitled At World 's End , followed in 2007 , and Disney released a fourth film , subtitled On Stranger Tides , in 2011 in conventional 2D , Digital 3-D and IMAX 3D . On Stranger Tides succeeded in also grossing more than $ 1 billion , becoming the second film in the franchise and only the eighth film in history to achieve this .   So far , the film franchise has grossed $ 4 billion worldwide ; it is the ninth highest-grossing film series of all-time and it was the first franchise where more than one film grossed $ 1 billion worldwide .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ad-Rock is single.", "evidence": "Adam Keefe Horovitz -LRB- born October 31 , 1966 -RRB- , better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock , is an American musician , guitarist , rapper , producer , and actor . He is best known as a member of the hip hop group the Beastie Boys . He is married to musician and feminist activist Kathleen Hanna .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Gianluigi Buffon has been named Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year.", "evidence": "Gianluigi `` Gigi '' Buffon -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u0292i\u02d0d\u0292i buf\u02c8f\u0254n -RSB- , Ufficiale OMRI ; born 28 January 1978 -RRB- is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper . He captains both Serie A club Juventus and the Italy national team . He is widely regarded by players , pundits and managers to be one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time , and , by some , to be the greatest ever . Buffon is one of only eighteen players to have made at least 1,000 professional career appearances ; with 168 international caps , Buffon is also the most capped player in the history of the Italian national team , the joint fifth-most capped male international footballer of all time , alongside Iv\u00e1n Hurtado , and the most capped European international player ever . Buffon is known for his `` outstanding shot-stopping '' and for being `` a vocal organizer of the defence and a key dressing room personality '' . He is currently the most expensive goalkeeper in history , following his $ 53 million transfer from Parma to Juventus in 2001 . Buffon holds the record for the most clean sheets in Serie A , and with the Italy national team ; he also holds the record for the longest streak without conceding a goal in Serie A history : over 12 league matches , he went unbeaten for 974 consecutive minutes during the 2015 -- 16 season , as well as having achieved the most consecutive clean sheets -LRB- 10 -RRB- in Serie A in that same season .   At club level , Buffon 's professional career began with Parma in 1995 , where he made his Serie A debut , and was soon promoted to the role of starting goalkeeper , earning a reputation as one of the most promising young goalkeepers in Italy ; during his time with the club , he won the Coppa Italia , the UEFA Cup and the Supercoppa Italiana , all in 1999 . After joining Juventus in 2001 , Buffon immediately won Serie A titles in both of his first two seasons at the club , and established himself as one of the best players in the world in his position . After winning two more consecutive league titles in 2005 and 2006 , the club were later stripped of these titles and relegated due to their involvement in the 2006 Italian football scandal . Despite rumours of his departure , Buffon remained with Juventus , contributing to the club 's Serie B title and promotion back to Serie A in 2007 . Following several trophyless seasons , Buffon later played a key role in Juventus ' resurgence , which saw the club win an Italian record of six consecutive league titles between 2011 and 2017 ; he also inherited the captain 's armband following the departure of Alessandro Del Piero in 2012 . In total , he has won eight Serie A titles , three Coppa Italia titles , and five Supercoppa Italiana titles with Juventus .   With the Italy national team , Buffon has been called up for an international record of five FIFA World Cup tournaments -LRB- 1998 , 2002 , 2006 , 2010 , 2014 -RRB- since making his debut in 1997 , featuring in four of them as Italy 's starting goalkeeper -LRB- he was an unused substitute in 1998 -RRB- . He was the starting goalkeeper of the Italian team that won the 2006 FIFA World Cup , which saw him keep a record five clean sheets , and concede only two goals , neither of which were in open play . He has also represented Italy at four European Championships , at the 1996 Olympics , and at two FIFA Confederations Cups , winning a bronze medal in the 2013 edition of the tournament .   Buffon has also won numerous , prestigious individual and team awards . He was named by Pel\u00e9 in the FIFA 100 list of the world 's greatest living players in 2004 . He has been named the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year a record eleven times . Buffon was the winner of the 2006 Yashin Award following Italy 's World Cup victory , in which he was also elected to be part of the Team of the Tournament ; an honour which he also received after reaching the quarter-finals of the 2008 European Championships , and the final of the 2012 European Championships . Buffon is the only goalkeeper to have won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year Award , which he won in 2003 after reaching the Champions League final ; he also won the award for best Goalkeeper that year , and was voted into the UEFA Team of the Year in 2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2016 . In 2006 , Buffon was runner-up for the Ballon d'Or and was elected to be part of the FIFPro World XI , an honour which he also achieved in 2007 . After reaching the 2015 Champions League final , he was named to the 2014 -- 15 UEFA Champions League Squad of the Season , and placed fourth in the 2015 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award . He has been named the IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper four times -LRB- second only to Iker Casillas , with five awards -RRB- and was also named the best goalkeeper of the 21st century , of the past 25 years , and of the decade , by the same organisation . In 2016 , he became the first goalkeeper ever to win the Golden Foot Award , which pertains to both personality and playing ability .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Rhona Mitra writes songs.", "evidence": "Rhona Natasha Mitra -LRB- born 9 August 1976 -RRB- is an English actress , model , singer , and songwriter .   Mitra began her career as a model . She came to prominence as the Lara Croft model between 1997 and 1998 . After completing her stint as Lara Croft , she concentrated on acting and is known for her roles as Holly Marie Begins on the sixth season of Party of Five -LRB- 1999 -- 2000 -RRB- ; as Tara Wilson on the final season of The Practice -LRB- 2003 -- 2004 -RRB- and the first and second seasons of Boston Legal -LRB- 2004 -- 2005 -RRB- ; as Detective Kit McGraw on the third season of Nip/Tuck -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; in the lead role of the science fiction/action film Doomsday as Major Eden Sinclair -LRB- 2008 -RRB- ; as Sonja in Underworld : Rise of the Lycans -LRB- 2009 -RRB- ; and as Major Rachel Dalton on the third and fourth seasons of Strike Back -LRB- 2012 -- 2013 -RRB- ; and as Dr. Rachel Scott in the first two seasons of The Last Ship -LRB- 2014 -- 2015 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Steven Soderbergh directed a biographical film and received acclaim.", "evidence": "Steven Andrew Soderbergh -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8so\u028ad\u0259rb\u025cr\u0261 -RSB- born January 14 , 1963 -RRB- is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor . His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape -LRB- 1989 -RRB- won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award . Film critic Roger Ebert dubbed Soderbergh the `` poster boy of the Sundance generation '' .   He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films including the crime comedy Out of Sight -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , the biographical film Erin Brockovich -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , the crime drama film Traffic -LRB- 2000 -RRB- -LRB- for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director -RRB- , the 2001 remake of the comedy heist film Ocean 's 11 and its two sequels -- known collectively as the Ocean 's Trilogy , the medical thriller Contagion -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and the comedy-drama Magic Mike -LRB- 2012 -RRB- .   He has also directed smaller , less conventional works , such as the mystery thriller Kafka -LRB- 1991 -RRB- ; the experimental comedy film Schizopolis -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , which has a non-linear narrative ; Bubble -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , which uses no script and non-professional actors ; the experimental drama film The Girlfriend Experience -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , which starred the then-active pornographic actress Sasha Grey ; and the biopic about Marxist revolutionary Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara , Che -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .  Soderbergh also directed , photographed and edited all episodes of the television drama The Knick . In addition , he has produced numerous film and television programs , and provided cinematography and editing on various projects .  Steven Andrew Soderbergh -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8so\u028ad\u0259rb\u025cr\u0261 -RSB- born January 14 , 1963 -RRB- is an American film producer , director , screenwriter , cinematographer and editor . His indie drama Sex , Lies , and Videotape -LRB- 1989 -RRB- won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , and became a worldwide commercial success , making the then-26-year-old Soderbergh the youngest director to win the festival 's top award . Film critic Roger Ebert dubbed Soderbergh the `` poster boy of the Sundance generation '' .   He is best known for directing critically acclaimed commercial Hollywood films including the crime comedy Out of Sight -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , the biographical film Erin Brockovich -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , the crime drama film Traffic -LRB- 2000 -RRB- -LRB- for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director -RRB- , the 2001 remake of the comedy heist film Ocean 's 11 and its two sequels -- known collectively as the Ocean 's Trilogy , the medical thriller Contagion -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and the comedy-drama Magic Mike -LRB- 2012 -RRB- .   He has also directed smaller , less conventional works , such as the mystery thriller Kafka -LRB- 1991 -RRB- ; the experimental comedy film Schizopolis -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , which has a non-linear narrative ; Bubble -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , which uses no script and non-professional actors ; the experimental drama film The Girlfriend Experience -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , which starred the then-active pornographic actress Sasha Grey ; and the biopic about Marxist revolutionary Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara , Che -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .  Soderbergh also directed , photographed and edited all episodes of the television drama The Knick . In addition , he has produced numerous film and television programs , and provided cinematography and editing on various projects .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dragon is taken from a linguistic system indigenous to sections of the Eastern Mediterranean.", "evidence": "A dragon is a legendary creature , typically scaled or fire-spewing and with serpentine , reptilian or avian traits , that features in the myths of many cultures around world . The two most well-known cultural traditions of dragon are   The European dragon , derived from European folk traditions and ultimately related to Balkans and Western Asian mythologies . Most are depicted as reptilian creatures with animal-level intelligence , and are uniquely six-limbed -LRB- four legs and a separate set of wings -RRB- .  The Chinese dragon , with counterparts in Japan -LRB- namely the Japanese dragon -RRB- , Korea and other East Asian and South Asian countries . Most are depicted as serpentine creatures with above-average intelligence , and are quadrupeds -LRB- four legs and wingless -RRB- .   The two traditions may have evolved separately , but have influenced each other to a certain extent , particularly with the cross-cultural contact of recent centuries . The English word dragon and Latin word draco derives from Greek \u03b4\u03c1\u03ac\u03ba\u03c9\u03bd -LRB- dr\u00e1k\u014dn -RRB- , `` dragon , serpent of huge size , water-snake '' .  Greek -LRB- Modern Greek : \u03b5\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac -LSB- elini\u02c8ka -RSB- , ellinik\u00e1 , `` Greek '' , \u03b5\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u03b3\u03bb\u03ce\u03c3\u03c3\u03b1 -LSB- elini\u02c8ci \u02c8\u0263losa -RSB- , ellinik\u00ed gl\u00f3ssa , `` Greek language '' -RRB- is an independent branch of the Indo-European family of languages , native to Greece and other parts of the Eastern Mediterranean . It has the longest documented history of any living language , spanning 34 centuries of written records . Its writing system has been the Greek alphabet for the major part of its history ; other systems , such as Linear B and the Cypriot syllabary , were used previously . The alphabet arose from the Phoenician script and was in turn the basis of the Latin , Cyrillic , Armenian , Coptic , Gothic and many other writing systems .   The Greek language holds an important place in the history of the Western world and Christianity ; the canon of ancient Greek literature includes seminal works in the Western canon such as the epic poems Iliad and Odyssey . Greek is also the language in which many of the foundational texts in science , especially astronomy , mathematics and logic , and Western philosophy , such as the Platonic dialogues and the works of Aristotle , are composed ; the New Testament of the Christian Bible was written in Koin\u00e9 Greek . Together with the Latin texts and traditions of the Roman world , the study of the Greek texts and society of antiquity constitutes the discipline of Classics .   During antiquity , Greek was a widely spoken lingua franca in the Mediterranean world and many places beyond . It would eventually become the official parlance of the Byzantine Empire and develop into Medieval Greek . In its modern form , the Greek language is the official language in two countries , Greece and Cyprus , a recognised minority language in seven other countries , and is one of the 24 official languages of the European Union . The language is spoken by at least 13.2 million people today in Greece , Cyprus , Italy , Albania , Turkey , and the Greek diaspora .   Greek roots are often used to coin new words for other languages ; Greek and Latin are the predominant sources of international scientific vocabulary .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Following a stroke, Lauren Bacall died.", "evidence": "Lauren Bacall -LRB- -LSB- \u02ccl\u0254\u02d0r\u0259n_b\u0259\u02c8k\u0254\u02d0l -RSB- , born Betty Joan Perske ; September 16 , 1924 -- August 12 , 2014 -RRB- was an American actress and singer known for her distinctive voice and sultry looks . She was named the 20th greatest female star of Classic Hollywood cinema by the American Film Institute , and received an Academy Honorary Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 2009 , `` in recognition of her central place in the Golden Age of motion pictures . ''   Bacall began her career as a model , before making her debut as a leading lady with Humphrey Bogart in the film To Have and Have Not in 1944 . She continued in the film noir genre with appearances with Bogart in The Big Sleep -LRB- 1946 -RRB- , Dark Passage -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , and Key Largo -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , and starred in the romantic comedies How to Marry a Millionaire -LRB- 1953 -RRB- with Marilyn Monroe and Designing Woman -LRB- 1957 -RRB- with Gregory Peck . She co-starred with John Wayne in his final film , The Shootist -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . Bacall also worked on Broadway in musicals , earning Tony Awards for Applause -LRB- 1970 -RRB- and Woman of the Year -LRB- 1981 -RRB- . Her performance in The Mirror Has Two Faces -LRB- 1996 -RRB- earned her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination .   A month before her 90th birthday , Bacall died in New York City after a stroke .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Led Zeppelin II was only released in Japan on October 31, 1969.", "evidence": "Led Zeppelin II is the eponymous second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records . Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969 . The album 's production was credited to the band 's lead guitarist and songwriter Jimmy Page , and it also served as Led Zeppelin 's first album to utilise the recording techniques of the engineer Eddie Kramer . Incorporating several elements of blues and folk music , Led Zeppelin II exhibited the band 's evolving musical style of blues-derived material and their guitar riff-based sound . It has been described as the band 's heaviest album .   Led Zeppelin II was a commercial success , and was the band 's first album to reach number one on charts in the UK and the US . In 1970 , the album 's cover designer David Juniper was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Recording Package . On 15 November 1999 , the album was certified 12 \u00d7 Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- for sales passing 12 million copies . Since its release , various writers and music critics have regularly cited Led Zeppelin II as one of the greatest and most influential rock albums of all time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Brian Helgeland won an award.", "evidence": "Brian Thomas Helgeland -LRB- born January 17 , 1961 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , film producer and director . He is most known for writing the screenplays for L.A. Confidential -LRB- for which he received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay -RRB- , Mystic River , and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master . Helgeland also wrote and directed 42 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , a biopic of Jackie Robinson , and Legend -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , about the rise and fall of the Kray twins .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "De Profundis was written during an imprisonment.", "evidence": "De Profundis -LRB- Latin : `` from the depths '' -RRB- is a letter written by Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment in Reading Gaol , to `` Bosie '' -LRB- Lord Alfred Douglas -RRB- .   In its first half Wilde recounts their previous relationship and extravagant lifestyle which eventually led to Wilde 's conviction and imprisonment for gross indecency . He indicts both Lord Alfred 's vanity and his own weakness in acceding to those wishes . In the second half , Wilde charts his spiritual development in prison and identification with Jesus Christ , whom he characterises as a romantic , individualist artist . The letter began `` Dear Bosie '' and ended `` Your Affectionate Friend '' .   Wilde wrote the letter between January and March 1897 , close to the end of his imprisonment . Contact had lapsed between Douglas and Wilde and the latter had suffered from his close supervision , physical labour and emotional isolation . Nelson , the new prison governor , thought that writing might be more cathartic than prison labour . He was not allowed to send the long letter which he was allowed to write `` for medicinal purposes '' ; each page was taken away when completed , and only at the end could he read it over and make revisions . Nelson gave the long letter to him on his release on 18 May 1897 .   Wilde entrusted the manuscript to the journalist Robert Ross -LRB- another former lover , loyal friend and rival to `` Bosie '' -RRB- . Ross published the letter in 1905 , five years after Wilde 's death , giving it the title `` De Profundis '' from Psalm 130 . It was an incomplete version , excised of its autobiographical elements and references to the Queensberry family ; various editions gave more text until in 1962 the complete and correct version appeared in a volume of Wilde 's letters .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Planet of the Apes' director was Franklin J. Schaffner.", "evidence": "Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner . It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison . The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Rod Serling was loosely based on the 1963 French novel La Plan\u00e8te des Singes by Pierre Boulle . Jerry Goldsmith composed the groundbreaking avant-garde score . It was the first in a series of five films made between 1968 and 1973 , all produced by Arthur P. Jacobs and released by 20th Century Fox .   The film tells the story of an astronaut crew who crash-land on a strange planet in the distant future . Although the planet appears desolate at first , the surviving crew members stumble upon a society in which apes have evolved into creatures with human-like intelligence and speech . The apes have assumed the role of the dominant species and humans are mute creatures wearing animal skins .   The script was originally written by Rod Serling , but underwent many rewrites before filming eventually began . Directors J. Lee Thompson and Blake Edwards were approached , but the film 's producer Arthur P. Jacobs , upon the recommendation of Charlton Heston , chose Franklin J. Schaffner to direct the film . Schaffner 's changes included an ape society less advanced -- and therefore less expensive to depict -- than that of the original novel . Filming took place between May 21 and August 10 , 1967 , in California , Utah and Arizona , with desert sequences shot in and around Lake Powell , Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . The film 's final `` closed '' cost was $ 5.8 million .   The film was released on February 8 , 1968 , in the United States and was a commercial success , earning a lifetime domestic gross of $ 32.6 million . The film was groundbreaking for its prosthetic makeup techniques by artist John Chambers and was well received by critics and audiences , launching a film franchise , including four sequels , as well as a short-lived television show , animated series , comic books , and various merchandising . In particular , Roddy McDowall had a long-running relationship with the Apes series , appearing in four of the original five films -LRB- absent , apart from a brief voiceover , from the second film of the series , Beneath the Planet of the Apes , in which he was replaced by David Watson in the role of Cornelius -RRB- , and also in the television series .   The original series was followed by Tim Burton 's remake Planet of the Apes in 2001 and the reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes in 2011 . Also in 2001 , Planet of the Apes was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Radioactive has won a Grammy.", "evidence": "`` Radioactive '' is a song by American rock band Imagine Dragons for their major-label debut EP Continued Silence and later on their debut studio album , Night Visions -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , as the opening track . `` Radioactive '' was first sent to modern rock radio on October 29 , 2012 , and released to contemporary radio on April 9 , 2013 . Musically , `` Radioactive '' is an electronic rock and alternative rock song with elements of dubstep and contains cryptic lyrics about apocalyptic and revolutionist themes .   The song received positive reviews from critics , who praised the production , lyrics , and vocals , calling it a highlight on the album . Due to heavy rotation on various commercials and trailers , the song became a sleeper hit , peaking at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and becoming the band 's first top 10 single as well as being the third best selling song in that country . It also broke the record for slowest ascension to the top 5 in chart history and currently holds the record for most weeks spent on the Billboard Hot 100 at 87 weeks . The song has also reached number one in Sweden and in the top 20 in several countries including Australia , Canada , New Zealand and the United Kingdom , becoming Imagine Dragons ' most successful single to date . It has since been certified ten times platinum in the USA , making it the one of the best selling singles of all time .   `` Radioactive '' received two Grammy Awards nominations for Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance , winning the latter . This was Imagine Dragons ' first time being nominated . During the broadcast , they presented a remix of the song with their Interscope label-mate , rapper Kendrick Lamar . The remix was later released for purchase on iTunes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The hero of the Odyssey is Harry Potter.", "evidence": "The Odyssey '' ' -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0252d\u0259si -RSB- \u1f48\u03b4\u03cd\u03c3\u03c3\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 Od\u00fdsseia , -LSB- o.d\u00fds.sej.ja -RSB- in Classical Attic -RRB- is one of two major ancient Greek epic poems attributed to Homer . It is , in part , a sequel to the Iliad , the other work ascribed to Homer . The Odyssey is fundamental to the modern Western canon , and is the second-oldest extant work of Western literature ; the Iliad is the oldest . Scholars believe the Odyssey was composed near the end of the 8th century BC , somewhere in Ionia , the Greek coastal region of Anatolia .   The poem mainly focuses on the Greek hero Odysseus -LRB- known as Ulysses in Roman myths -RRB- , king of Ithaca , and his journey home after the fall of Troy . It takes Odysseus ten years to reach Ithaca after the ten-year Trojan War . In his absence , it is assumed Odysseus has died , and his wife Penelope and son Telemachus must deal with a group of unruly suitors , the Mnesteres -LRB- Greek : \u039c\u03bd\u03b7\u03c3\u03c4\u1fc6\u03c1\u03b5\u03c2 -RRB- or Proci , who compete for Penelope 's hand in marriage .   The Odyssey continues to be read in the Homeric Greek and translated into modern languages around the world . Many scholars believe the original poem was composed in an oral tradition by an aoidos -LRB- epic poet/singer -RRB- , perhaps a rhapsode -LRB- professional performer -RRB- , and was more likely intended to be heard than read . The details of the ancient oral performance and the story 's conversion to a written work inspire continual debate among scholars . The Odyssey was written in a poetic dialect of Greek -- a literary amalgam of Aeolic Greek , Ionic Greek , and other Ancient Greek dialects -- and comprises 12,110 lines of dactylic hexameter . Among the most noteworthy elements of the text are its non-linear plot , and the influence on events of choices made by women and slaves , besides the actions of fighting men . In the English language as well as many others , the word odyssey has come to refer to an epic voyage .   The Odyssey has a lost sequel , the Telegony , which was not written by Homer . It was usually attributed in antiquity to Cinaethon of Sparta . In one source , the Telegony '' was said to have been stolen from Musaeus by either Eugamon or Eugammon of Cyrene -LRB- see Cyclic poets -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Houston economy is incapable of having a base in energy.", "evidence": "Houston -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8hju\u02d0st\u0259n -RSB- -RRB- is the most populous city in the state of Texas and the fourth-most populous city in the United States . With a census-estimated 2014 population of 2.239 million within an area of 667 sqmi , it is also the largest city in the southern United States and the seat of Harris County . Located in Southeast Texas near the Gulf of Mexico , it is the principal city of the Greater Houston metro area , which is the fifth-most populated MSA in the United States .   Houston was founded on August 28 , 1836 , near the banks of Buffalo Bayou -LRB- now known as Allen 's Landing -RRB- and incorporated as a city on June 5 , 1837 . The city was named after former General Sam Houston , who was president of the Republic of Texas and had commanded and won at the Battle of San Jacinto 25 mi east of where the city was established . The burgeoning port and railroad industry , combined with oil discovery in 1901 , has induced continual surges in the city 's population . In the mid-20th century , Houston became the home of the Texas Medical Center -- the world 's largest concentration of healthcare and research institutions -- and NASA 's Johnson Space Center , where the Mission Control Center is located .   Houston 's economy has a broad industrial base in energy , manufacturing , aeronautics , and transportation . Leading in health care sectors and building oilfield equipment , outside of New York City , Houston has more Fortune 500 headquarters than any other U.S. municipality within its city limits . The Port of Houston ranks first in the United States in international waterborne tonnage handled and second in total cargo tonnage handled . Nicknamed the `` Space City '' , Houston is a global city , with strengths in business , international trade , entertainment , culture , media , fashion , science , sports , technology , education , medicine , and research . The city has a population from various ethnic and religious backgrounds and a large and growing international community . Houston is the most diverse city in Texas and has been described as the most racially and ethnically diverse major metropolis in the U.S. . It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits , which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to the Museum District . Houston has an active visual and performing arts scene in the Theater District and offers year-round resident companies in all major performing arts .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nice & Slow was released after 1990.", "evidence": "`` Nice & Slow '' is a 1998 single from Usher 's second album My Way . It became his first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1998 . The song was written by Usher , Brian and Brandon Casey of the R&B group Jagged Edge , Manuel Seal Jr. and Jermaine Dupri .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lewis Hamilton is a racecar driver in F1.", "evidence": "Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton , MBE -LRB- born 7 January 1985 -RRB- is a British Formula One racing driver from England , currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team . A three-time Formula One World Champion , he is regarded by fellow and former drivers as one of the greatest Formula One drivers in the history of the sport . He won his first title with McLaren in 2008 before moving to Mercedes , where he won back-to-back titles in 2014 and 2015 .   In December 1995 , at the age of ten , he approached McLaren team principal Ron Dennis at the Autosport Awards ceremony and told him , `` I want to race for you one day ... I want to race for McLaren . '' Less than three years later McLaren and Mercedes-Benz signed him to their Young Driver Support Programme . After winning the British Formula Renault , Formula Three Euroseries , and GP2 championships on his way up the racing career ladder , he drove for McLaren in 2007 , making his Formula One debut 12 years after his initial encounter with Dennis . Hamilton 's contract for the McLaren driver development program made him the youngest ever driver to secure a contract which later resulted in a Formula One drive .   Coming from a mixed background , with a black father and white mother , Hamilton is the first black driver to race in Formula One . Hamilton commented on this , saying `` The way I see it , my colour is an advantage in that it 's something people talk about '' , `` Being the first black man does n't matter much to me personally , but for the sport itself it probably means quite a lot . ''   In his first season in Formula One , Hamilton set numerous records while finishing second in the 2007 Formula One Championship , just one point behind Kimi R\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen . He won the World Championship the following season in dramatic fashion , becoming the then-youngest Formula One World Champion in history before Sebastian Vettel broke the record two years later . Following his second world title in 2014 , he was named BBC Sports Personality of the Year . In 2015 , he became the first British driver in history to win consecutive F1 titles , and the second British driver to win three titles after Jackie Stewart . He also became the first English driver to reach that milestone . He is the first driver in the history of F1 to have made the podium after starting 20th place or lower at least 3 times . He is the only driver in the history of the sport to have won at least one race in each season he has competed to date , with McLaren from 2007 until 2012 , and with Mercedes since 2013 . He has more race victories than any other British driver in the history of Formula One . His Grand Prix victories is the second highest of all-time having surpassed Alain Prost 's total of 51 at the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix , behind only Michael Schumacher at 91 . Hamilton also holds the record for most wins in the season without winning the World Championship , after winning 10 times in the 2016 season where he finished runner-up to teammate Nico Rosberg .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ben Stiller did not direct or star in the film Zoolander.", "evidence": "Benjamin Edward Meara Stiller -LRB- born November 30 , 1965 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian and filmmaker . He is the son of veteran comedians and actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara .   After beginning his acting career with a play , Stiller wrote several mockumentaries , and was offered his own show entitled The Ben Stiller Show , which he produced and hosted for its 13-episode run . Having previously acted in television , he began acting in films ; he made his directorial debut with Reality Bites . Throughout his career he has written , starred in , directed , or produced more than 50 films , including The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , Zoolander , The Cable Guy , There 's Something About Mary , the Meet the Parents trilogy , DodgeBall , Tropic Thunder , the Madagascar series , and the Night at the Museum trilogy . In addition , he has had multiple cameos in music videos , television shows , and films .   Stiller is a member of a group of comedic actors colloquially known as the Frat Pack . His films have grossed more than $ 2.6 billion in Canada and the United States , with an average of $ 79 million per film . Throughout his career , he has received multiple awards and honors , including an Emmy Award , multiple MTV Movie Awards and a Teen Choice Award .  Zoolander is a 2001 American comedy film directed by Ben Stiller and starring Stiller , Owen Wilson and Will Ferrell . The film contains elements from a pair of short films directed by Russell Bates and written by Drake Sather and Stiller for the VH1 Fashion Awards television specials in 1996 and 1997 .  The short films and the film itself feature a dimwitted , narcissistic male model named Derek Zoolander , played by Stiller . The film involves Zoolander becoming the pawn of corrupt fashion executives who are plotting to assassinate the Prime Minister of Malaysia . The name `` Derek Zoolander '' was invented by Bates while he was editing the first short film , and was inspired by the names of two male models who both worked for Calvin Klein : the Dutchman Mark Vanderloo and the American Johnny Zander .   A satire on the fashion industry , the film received generally positive reviews from critics and was a box office success . A sequel , Zoolander 2 , was released on February 12 , 2016 , to negative reviews . An animated series , Zoolander : Super Model , was released on Netflix UK in August 2016 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Nicole Scherzinger made progress towards the eventual creation of a clothing brand.", "evidence": "Nicole Scherzinger -LRB- -LSB- ni\u02c8ko\u028al_\u02c8\u0283\u025c\u02d0z\u026a\u014b\u0259r -RSB- born Nicole Prascovia Elikolani Valiente ; June 29 , 1978 -RRB- is an American recording artist , actress and television personality born in Honolulu , Hawaii and raised in Louisville , Kentucky . She performed initially in high school plays , and studied at Wright State University before dropping out to pursue a musical career alongside the American rock band Days of the New and later auditioned for Popstars , becoming a member of the short-lived girl group Eden 's Crush . She rose to fame as the lead singer of the burlesque troupe-turned-recording act the Pussycat Dolls , who became one of the world 's best-selling girl groups . During their hiatus , Scherzinger planned to embark on her solo career with Her Name is Nicole , but it was later shelved after four singles failed to impact the charts significantly .   Following the group 's disbandment , Scherzinger ventured into television winning the tenth season of Dancing with the Stars and became a judge on The Sing-Off and on US and UK versions of The X Factor . Her debut studio album Killer Love -LRB- 2011 -RRB- was released to moderate success and was preceded by the number-one single `` Do n't Hold Your Breath '' . In 2014 , Scherzinger released her second album Big Fat Lie to commercial disappointment and starred on the West End revival of the musical Cats for which she received a Laurence Olivier Award nomination Best Actress in a Supporting Role in a Musical .   Throughout her career , she has had a total of three UK number one singles , two of which coming from recording group The Pussycat Dolls and one as a solo artist . She has sold over 60 million records worldwide , as a solo artist and as the lead singer of the Pussycat Dolls . In accordance with multiple sources , Scherzinger has sold at least 37 million singles and has had in excess of 15 million total album sales . Since her first chart entry in 2005 , she has scored 20 top-20 hits on the UK Singles Chart . Outside her work in the entertainment industry , Scherzinger has advertised brands including Herbal Essences and M\u00fcller , and helped to create the clothing brand Missguided . She is also an ambassador for UNICEF and a global ambassador for the Special Olympics and is involved in charitable activities .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Turkey ended accession negotiations with the European Union.", "evidence": "Turkey -LRB- T\u00fcrkiye Cumhuriyeti -LSB- \u02c8ty\u027ecije d\u0361\u0292um\u02c8hu\u027eijeti -RSB- -RRB- , is a transcontinental country in Eurasia , mainly in Anatolia in Western Asia , with a smaller portion on the Balkan peninsula in Southeast Europe . Turkey is a democratic , secular , unitary , parliamentary republic with a diverse cultural heritage . Turkey is bordered by eight countries : Greece and Bulgaria to the northwest ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan and Iran to the east ; Iraq and Syria to the south . The country is encircled by seas on three sides : the Aegean Sea is to the west , the Black Sea to the north , and the Mediterranean Sea to the south . The Bosphorus , the Sea of Marmara , and the Dardanelles , which together form the Turkish Straits , divide Thrace and Anatolia ; they also separate Europe and Asia . Ankara is the capital while Istanbul is the country 's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre . Approximately 70-80 % of the country 's citizens identify themselves as ethnic Turks . Other ethnic groups include legally recognised -LRB- Armenians , Greeks , Jews -RRB- and unrecognised -LRB- Kurds , Arabs , Circassians , Albanians , Bosniaks , Georgians , etc. -RRB- minorities . Kurds are the largest ethnic minority group , making up approximately 20 % of the population .   The area of Turkey has been inhabited since the Paleolithic by various ancient Anatolian civilisations , as well as Assyrians , Greeks , Thracians , Phrygians , Urartians and Armenians . After Alexander the Great 's conquest , the area was Hellenized , a process which continued under the Roman Empire and its transition into the Byzantine Empire . The Seljuk Turks began migrating into the area in the 11th century , starting the process of Turkification , which was accelerated by the Seljuk victory over the Byzantines at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071 . The Seljuk Sultanate of R\u00fbm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243 , when it disintegrated into small Turkish beyliks .   In the mid-14th century the Ottomans started uniting Anatolia and created an empire encompassing much of Southeast Europe , West Asia and North Africa , becoming a major power in Eurasia and Africa during the early modern period . The empire reached the peak of its power in the 16th century , especially during the reign -LRB- 1520 -- 1566 -RRB- of Suleiman the Magnificent . It remained powerful and influential for two more centuries , until important setbacks in the 17th and 18th century forced it to cede strategic territories in Europe , signalling the loss of its former military strength and wealth . After the 1913 Ottoman coup d'\u00e9tat which effectively put the country under the control of the Three Pashas the Ottoman Empire decided to join the Central Powers during World War I which were ultimately defeated by the Allied Powers . During the war , the Ottoman government committed genocides against its Armenian , Assyrian and Pontic Greek citizens .   Following the war , the conglomeration of territories and peoples that formerly comprised the Ottoman Empire was partitioned into several new states . The Turkish War of Independence -LRB- 1919 -- 1922 -RRB- , initiated by Mustafa Kemal Atat\u00fcrk and his colleagues against the occupying Allies , resulted in the abolition of monarchy in 1922 and the establishment of the Republic of Turkey in 1923 , with Atat\u00fcrk as its first president . Atat\u00fcrk enacted numerous reforms , many of which incorporated various aspects of Western thought , philosophy , and customs into the new form of Turkish government .   Turkey is a charter member of the UN , an early member of NATO , and a founding member of the OECD , OSCE , OIC and G-20 . After becoming one of the first members of the Council of Europe in 1949 , Turkey became an associate member of the EEC in 1963 , joined the EU Customs Union in 1995 and started accession negotiations with the European Union in 2005 . Turkey 's growing economy and diplomatic initiatives have led to its recognition as a regional power while its location has given it geopolitical and strategic importance throughout history .   Turkey 's current administration headed by president Tayyip Erdo\u011fan has reversed many of the country 's earlier reforms which had been in place since the founding of the modern republic of Turkey , such as Freedom of the Press , a Legislative System of Checks and Balances , and a set of standards for secularism in government , as first enacted by Atat\u00fcrk .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Selena Gomez starred in the 2013 film Spring Breakers.", "evidence": "Selena Marie Gomez -LRB- -LSB- s\u0259\u02c8li\u02d0n\u0259_m\u0259\u02c8\u0279i\u02d0_\u02c8\u0261o\u028am\u025bz -RSB- ; -LSB- se\u02c8lena \u02c8\u0263omes -RSB- ; born July 22 , 1992 -RRB- is an American actress and singer . Having appeared in the children 's television series Barney & Friends while growing up , she rose to fame playing the role of Alex Russo on the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place -LRB- 2007 -- 2012 -RRB- .   In 2008 , she signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records and formed her band Selena Gomez & the Scene . The band released three studio albums and produced four top 30 singles by 2011 . Gomez also formed her own production company in 2008 , July Moon Productions ; she serves as an executive producer on the Netflix original series 13 Reasons Why , which released in March 2017 .   Between 2009 and 2011 , Gomez starred in films such as Princess Protection Program , Ramona and Beezus , and Monte Carlo , and took on a more mature role in Spring Breakers -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . Gomez also took her singing career in a different direction , with the release of her first solo album Stars Dance -LRB- 2013 -RRB- ; the album debuted atop the Billboard 200 in the United States and included the top ten single `` Come & Get It . '' Gomez released a compilation album in 2014 as her fifth and final release through Hollywood Records , which was preceded by her second top ten single `` The Heart Wants What It Wants '' , and signed a new recording contract with Interscope Records .   In 2015 , she released her second solo album , Revival , which debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 , while the first three singles , `` Good for You , '' `` Same Old Love , '' and `` Hands to Myself , '' all topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart in the United States . Gomez has also starred in the films The Fundamentals of Caring -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , In Dubious Battle -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and in the Hotel Transylvania films .   Since the start of her singing career , she has gone on to sell over 7 million albums and 22 million singles worldwide , according to Billboard . Gomez has earned a number of awards and nominations for her work as an actress and singer , and has won a Billboard Women in Music award , an MTV Video Music Award , an American Music Award , and fifteen Teen Choice Awards . As of November 2016 , Gomez is the most-followed Instagram user in the world .  Spring Breakers is a 2012 American film written and directed by Harmony Korine . It stars James Franco , Vanessa Hudgens , Selena Gomez , Ashley Benson and Rachel Korine and follows four college-aged girls on their spring break in Florida where they meet an eccentric local drug dealer named Alien who helps them in a time of desperation , and their eventual descent into a world of drugs , crime , and violence .   Korine had devised the concept for Spring Breakers over several years prior to production , with fleeting ideas about the plot and what should transpire . His initial desire was to create a `` sensory film '' that was more about feeling than action and placed little importance on narrative or plot , the idea for which came later . Once Korine developed the backbone of the story , which takes place around the American spring break period , he travelled to Florida to write the screenplay . Production began in 2012 , on an estimated budget of $ 5 million -- a relatively small amount in today 's film industry , albeit Korine 's second most expensive film to date . The film is also one of Korine 's first theatrical works to receive a wide release .   Spring Breakers was released on March 22 , 2013 in the United States by A24 and grossed $ 31 million worldwide , making it a resounding success considering the small budget . It received generally positive reviews from film critics , with some calling it a potential cult classic . The film was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 69th Venice International Film Festival . Critics and scholars have read deeper meaning in the film 's plot , commenting on its reflection of modern-day superficiality and the younger generation 's obsession with highly stylised pop culture media .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "One of the leads in Transformers: Age of Extinction is an American rapper.", "evidence": "Transformers : Age of Extinction is a 2014 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers franchise . It is the fourth installment of the live-action Transformers film series and a stand-alone sequel to 2011 's Transformers : Dark of the Moon , taking place five years after its events . Like its predecessors , it was directed by Michael Bay and written by Ehren Kruger , with Steven Spielberg and Bay as executive producers . It stars Mark Wahlberg , with Peter Cullen reprising his role as the voice of Optimus Prime , as the lead roles . It is the first film in the series to not feature the original human characters from the first three films , but features a new cast of human characters and many new Transformers including : the Dinobots , Lockdown , Stinger , Junkheap , Hound , Crosshairs and Drift . Returning Transformers include : Optimus Prime , Bumblebee , Ratchet , Leadfoot , Brains and Megatron -LRB- now known as Galvatron -RRB- . The film was released on June 27 , 2014 , in IMAX and 3D .   Transformers : Age of Extinction was panned by critics , many of whom considered it poorly directed , badly acted , and terribly written . According to Rotten Tomatoes , it is the worst reviewed film in the series , holding an 18 % approval rating . It also received seven nominations at the 35th Golden Raspberry Awards , including Worst Picture and Worst Prequel , Remake , Rip-off or Sequel , with Bay and Kelsey Grammer winning the awards for Worst Director and Worst Supporting Actor respectively . The film grossed over $ 1.104 billion worldwide , making it the highest-grossing film of 2014 , the second highest-grossing film in the Transformers series , the 19th film to gross over $ 1 billion , and the 16th highest-grossing film of all time . It was the only film to gross over $ 1 billion in 2014 .   A sequel , Transformers : The Last Knight , is set to be released on June 21 , 2017 , with Cullen , Tucci , and Wahlberg returning , and Bay directing .  Mark Robert Michael Wahlberg -LRB- born June 5 , 1971 -RRB- is an American actor , producer , businessman , former model , and rapper . Wahlberg was known as Marky Mark in his early career as frontman for the group Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch , releasing the albums Music for the People and You Got ta Believe . Wahlberg later transitioned to acting , appearing in films such as the drama Boogie Nights and the satirical war comedy-drama Three Kings during the 1990s . In the 2000s , he starred in the biographical disaster drama The Perfect Storm , the science fiction film Planet of the Apes , the heist film The Italian Job , and the Martin Scorsese-directed neo-noir crime drama The Departed , for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor . In the 2010s , he starred in the action comedy The Other Guys alongside Will Ferrell , the biographical sports drama The Fighter -LRB- for which he earned an Academy Award nomination as a producer for Best Picture -RRB- , the comedy Ted , the war film Lone Survivor , the crime comedy Pain & Gain , the science fiction action film Transformers : Age of Extinction , the disaster film Deepwater Horizon , and the thriller Patriots Day .   Wahlberg has also served as executive producer of four HBO series : the comedy-drama Entourage -LRB- 2004 -- 11 -RRB- , the period crime drama Boardwalk Empire -LRB- 2009 -- 14 -RRB- , the comedy-dramas How to Make It in America -LRB- 2010 -- 11 -RRB- and Ballers -LRB- 2015 -- present -RRB- . He is co-owner of the Wahlburgers chain and co-stars in the reality TV series about it . Wahlberg received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on July 29 , 2010 . He is known for his `` tough guy '' action persona , frequently portraying police officers , military personnel , or criminals in his films . He is also known for his collaborations with directors David O. Russell , Michael Bay , and Peter Berg .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Emilio Estevez acts.", "evidence": "Emilio Estevez -LRB- -LSB- \u025b\u02c8miljo\u028a_\u025bst\u02c8\u025bb\u025bs -RSB- born May 12 , 1962 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and writer . He started his career as an actor and is well known for being a member of the acting Brat Pack of the 1980s , starring in The Breakfast Club , St. Elmo 's Fire , and also acting in the 1983 hit movie The Outsiders . He is also known for Repo Man , The Mighty Ducks and its sequels , Stakeout , Maximum Overdrive , Bobby -LRB- which he also wrote and directed -RRB- , and his performances in Western films such as Young Guns and its sequel .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Gheg of southern Austria form the oldest continuous ethnic Albanian diaspora.", "evidence": "Albanians -LRB- Shqiptar\u00ebt -RRB- are an ethnic group , native to Albania , Kosovo and neighboring countries . The term is also used to refer to the citizens of the Republic of Albania . Ethnic Albanians speak the Albanian language and more than half of ethnic Albanians live in Albania and Kosovo . A large Albanian population lives in the Republic of Macedonia and Italy , with smaller Albanian populations located in Serbia and Montenegro . The majority of Albanians are nominally Muslims -LRB- mainly Sunni , with a smaller Shia , Sufi and Bektashi component -RRB- , and a minority are nominally Christians -LRB- Catholic and Orthodox -RRB- .   Albanians produced many prominent figures such as Skanderbeg , leader of the medieval Albanian resistance to the Ottoman conquest and others during the Albanian National Awakening seeking self-determination . During the 17th and 18th century Albanians in large numbers converted to Islam , often to escape higher taxes levied on Christian subjects . As Muslims , some Albanians attained important political and military positions within the Ottoman Empire and culturally contributed to the wider Muslim world . Albania gained its independence in 1912 and between 1945 -- 1992 , Albanians lived under a repressive communist regime . Albanians within Yugoslavia underwent periods of discrimination and eventual self-determination that concluded with the breakup of that state in the early 1990s culminating with Albanians living in new countries and Kosovo . Outside the southwestern Balkans of where Albanians have traditionally been located , Albanian populations through the course of history have formed new communities contributing to the cultural , economic , social and political life of their host populations and countries while also at times assimilating too .   Between the 11th and 18th centuries , sizable numbers of Albanians migrated from the area of contemporary Albania to escape either various socio-political difficulties or the Ottoman conquest . One population which became the Arvanites settled down in southern Greece who starting from the 16th century though mainly during the 19th century onwards assimilated and today self identify as Greeks . Another population , who became the Arb\u00ebresh\u00eb settled in southern Italy and form the oldest continuous Albanian diaspora producing influential and many prominent figures . Smaller populations dating to migrations during the 18th century are located on Croatia 's Dalmatian coast and scattered communities across southern Ukraine .   The Albanian diaspora also exists in a number of other countries . One of these is located in Turkey . It was formed during the Ottoman era through economic migration and early years of the Turkish republic through migration for economic reasons and later sociopolitical circumstances of discrimination and violence experienced by Albanians in Balkan countries . Due to the Ottoman legacy , smaller populations of Albanians also exist in Egypt and the Levant , in particular Syria . In Western countries , a large and influential Albanian population exists in the United States formed from continuous emigration dating back to the 19th century . Other Albanians populations due to emigration between the 19th and 21th centuries are located in Australia , Argentina , New Zealand , Canada , Germany , Belgium , United Kingdom , France , Sweden , Switzerland , Slovenia , Croatia , Italy , Finland , Denmark , Norway , Austria , Netherlands , Bulgaria , Greece and Romania .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Mauritius has high political freedom.", "evidence": "Mauritius -LRB- -LSB- m\u0259\u02c8r\u026a\u0283\u0259s -RSB- or -LSB- m\u0259\u02c8r\u026a\u0283i\u02d0\u0259s -RSB- Maurice -RRB- , officially the Republic of Mauritius -LRB- R\u00e9publique de Maurice -RRB- , is an island nation in the Indian Ocean about 2000 km off the southeast coast of the African continent . The country includes the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues -LSB- 560 km east of Mauritius -RSB- , and the outer islands -LRB- Agal\u00e9ga , St. Brandon and two disputed territories -RRB- . The islands of Mauritius and Rodrigues form part of the Mascarene Islands , along with nearby R\u00e9union , a French overseas department . The area of the country is 2,040 km2 . The capital and largest city is Port Louis . Formerly a Dutch colony -LRB- 1638 -- 1710 -RRB- and a French colony -LRB- 1715 -- 1810 -RRB- , Mauritius became a British colonial possession in 1810 and remained so until 1968 , the year in which it attained independence . The government uses English as its main language .   The sovereignty over the Chagos Archipelago is disputed between Mauritius and the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- . The UK excised the archipelago from Mauritian territory in 1965 , three years prior to Mauritian independence . The UK gradually depopulated the archipelago 's indigenous population and leased its biggest island , Diego Garcia , to the United States . Access to the archipelago is prohibited to casual tourists , the media , and its former inhabitants . Mauritius also claims sovereignty over Tromelin Island from France .   The people of Mauritius are multiethnic , multi-religious , multicultural and multilingual . The island 's government is closely modelled on the Westminster parliamentary system , and Mauritius is highly ranked for democracy and for economic and political freedom . Along with the other Mascarene Islands , Mauritius is known for its varied flora and fauna , with many species endemic to the island . The island is widely known as the only known home of the dodo , which , along with several other avian species , was made extinct by human activities relatively shortly after the island 's settlement . Mauritius is the only country in Africa where Hinduism is the largest religion .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated series produced by Disney Television Animation.", "evidence": "Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation . The first episode was shown on January 18 , 2015 , on Disney Channel as a special preview , and the series officially premiered on March 30 , 2015 , on Disney XD . The show was created by Daron Nefcy , who had worked on storyboards for Wander Over Yonder and Robot and Monster . Nefcy became the second woman to create an animated series for Disney Television Animation -LRB- the first being Sue Rose , who created Pepper Ann -RRB- , and the first woman to create a Disney XD series . On February 12 , 2015 , Disney renewed the series for a second season prior to its premiere on Disney XD . The second season premiered on July 11 , 2016 . On March 4 , 2016 , it was renewed for a third season , and on February 28 , 2017 , it was officially renewed for a fourth season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Before the year 2000, The Ren & Stimpy Show was created.", "evidence": "The Ren & Stimpy Show , often simply called Ren & Stimpy , is an American children 's / adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi for Nickelodeon . The series follows the adventures of title characters Ren , an emotionally unstable chihuahua , and Stimpy , a good-natured , dimwitted cat . It premiered on August 11 , 1991 as one of the original three Nicktoons , along with Rugrats and Doug . Throughout its run , the show was controversial for its off-color humor , sexual innuendo , dark humor , adult jokes , and violence , similar to Rocko 's Modern Life . This controversy contributed to the production staff 's altercations with Nickelodeon 's Standards and Practices department . The show ended on December 16 , 1995 , with a total of five seasons and 52 episodes .   Ren & Stimpy received mixed to very positive reviews during its original run then later widespread critical acclaim after its run , and has developed a cult following . The series is often cited as paving the way for animated shows like Beavis and Butt-Head and South Park . A spin-off for adult audiences , Ren & Stimpy `` Adult Party Cartoon '' , aired in 2003 on Spike , but was cancelled soon after its debut .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Krysten Ritter was on 'Til Death.", "evidence": "Krysten Alyce Ritter -LRB- born December 16 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actress and former model . Ritter is known for her roles as Jessica Jones on the Netflix series of the same name , Jane Margolis on the AMC drama series Breaking Bad , and Chloe on the ABC comedy series Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 . She has appeared in films such as What Happens in Vegas -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , 27 Dresses -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Confessions of a Shopaholic -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , She 's Out of My League -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Veronica Mars -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and Big Eyes -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . She has also appeared in roles in the television series Gilmore Girls , Gossip Girl , Gravity , 'Til Death , Veronica Mars , and The Blacklist .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Incredible Hulk is the second episode in a series.", "evidence": "The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character the Hulk , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Universal Pictures . It is the second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe -LRB- MCU -RRB- . The film was directed by Louis Leterrier , with a screenplay by Zak Penn. . It stars Edward Norton , Liv Tyler , Tim Roth , Tim Blake Nelson , Ty Burrell , and William Hurt . In The Incredible Hulk , a new backstory is established where Bruce Banner becomes the Hulk as an unwitting pawn in a military scheme to reinvigorate the supersoldier program through gamma radiation . On the run , he attempts to cure himself of the Hulk before he is captured by General Thaddeus Ross , but his worst fears are realized when power-hungry soldier Emil Blonsky becomes a similar , but more bestial creature .   After the mixed reception to the 2003 film Hulk , Marvel Studios reacquired the rights to the character . Leterrier , who had expressed interest in directing Iron Man , was brought onboard and Penn began work on a loose sequel that would be much closer to the comics and the 1978 television series of the same name . In April 2007 , Norton was hired to portray Banner and to rewrite Penn 's screenplay in order to distance itself from the 2003 film and establish its own identity , although he would go uncredited for his writing . Filming mostly took place in Toronto , Ontario , from July to November 2007 . Over 700 visual effects shots were created in post-production using a combination of motion capture and computer-generated imagery to complete the film .   The Incredible Hulk premiered on June 8 , 2008 at the Gibson Amphitheatre in Universal City , California and was released in theaters on June 13 , 2008 , receiving generally favorable reviews by critics upon release . Critical praise went to the improved visuals , action sequences , and the portrayal of the title character . The film was number one at the box office , grossing over $ 263 million worldwide . Norton was set to reprise the role of Banner in The Avengers and any other MCU installment featuring the character , but he was ultimately replaced by Mark Ruffalo , who has signed on to portray the character in all potential sequels .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A Perfect Circle was formed in a year.", "evidence": "A Perfect Circle is an American rock supergroup formed in 1999 by guitarist Billy Howerdel and Tool vocalist Maynard James Keenan . A Perfect Circle has released three albums : their debut Mer de Noms in 2000 , a follow up , Thirteenth Step in 2003 , and an album of cover songs titled Emotive in 2004 . Shortly after Emotives release , the band went into hiatus while Keenan returned to Tool and starting up solo work in the form of the band Puscifer , and Howerdel releasing a solo album , Keep Telling Myself It 's Alright , under the moniker Ashes Divide . Band activity was sporadic in the coming years ; the band reformed in 2010 , and played live shows on and off between 2010 and 2013 , but fell into inactivity after the release of their greatest hits album , Three Sixty , and a live album box set , A Perfect Circle Live : Featuring Stone and Echo in late 2013 . However , in 2017 , the band returned to touring and announced plans to record and release a fourth studio album under a new record label , BMG Rights Management , between late 2017 and early 2018 .   Prone to downtime due to Keenan 's other musical commitments , the band has featured a variety of musicians in the rest of the band 's role throughout its alternating periods of activity and inactivity . The original incarnation of the band included Paz Lenchantin on bass , Troy Van Leeuwen on guitar , and Josh Freese on drums , though Primus drummer Tim Alexander had briefly stood in as a drummer prior to Freese in the band 's initial live shows prior to releasing any material . Band collaborator and producer Danny Lohner and Marilyn Manson bassist Jeordie White were also members for a short period in the early 2000s . The band 's current lineup features former Smashing Pumpkins guitarist James Iha , bassist Matt McJunkins , and drummer Jeff Friedl , the latter two also being contributors to the related Puscifer and Ashes Divide projects . Despite the varied cast and numerous lineup changes , the stylistic content of the songs has remained consistent with Howerdel as music composer , and Keenan penning the lyrics and vocal melodies . The band 's studio albums have been generally well received critically and commercially , with their three studio albums selling 4 million copies collectively as of 2005 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Farrah Fawcett forfeited four additional Golden Globe nominations for her 1980s work in TV movies.", "evidence": "Farrah Fawcett -LRB- born Ferrah Leni Fawcett ; February 2 , 1947 -- June 25 , 2009 -RRB- was an American actress and artist . A four-time Emmy Award nominee and six-time Golden Globe Award nominee , Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster -- which became the best selling pin-up poster in history -- and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series Charlie 's Angels -LRB- 1976 -- 1977 -RRB- . In 1996 , she was ranked No. 26 on TV Guide `` 50 Greatest TV stars of All-Time '' .   Fawcett began her career in 1968 in commercials and guest roles on television . During the 1970s , she appeared in numerous television series , including recurring roles on Harry O -LRB- 1974 -- 1976 -RRB- , and The Six Million Dollar Man -LRB- 1974 -- 1978 -RRB- with then husband , film and television star Lee Majors . Her breakthrough role came in 1976 , when she was cast as Jill Munroe in the ABC series Charlie 's Angels , alongside Kate Jackson and Jaclyn Smith . The show propelled all three to stardom , but especially Fawcett -LRB- then billed as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -RRB- . After appearing in only the first season , Fawcett decided to leave the show which led to legal disputes . Eventually she signed a contract requiring her to make six guest appearances in the show 's third and fourth seasons -LRB- 1978 -- 1980 -RRB- . For her role in Charlie 's Angels she received her first Golden Globe nomination .   In 1983 , Fawcett received positive reviews for her performance in the Off-Broadway play Extremities . She was subsequently cast in the 1986 film version and received a Golden Globe nomination . She received two Emmy Award nominations for her roles in TV movies , as a battered wife in the 1984 film The Burning Bed and as real-life murderer Diane Downs in the 1989 film Small Sacrifices . Her 1980s work in TV movies also earned her four additional Golden Globe nominations .   In 1997 , she gained some negative press for a rambling appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman , but also garnered strong reviews for her role in the film The Apostle with Robert Duvall . She continued in numerous TV series , including recurring roles in the sitcom Spin City -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and the drama The Guardian -LRB- 2002 -- 2003 -RRB- . For the latter , she received her third Emmy nomination . Her film roles include , Love Is a Funny Thing -LRB- 1969 -RRB- , Myra Breckinridge -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Logan 's Run -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , Sunburn -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Saturn 3 -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , The Cannonball Run -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , Extremities -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , The Apostle -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and Dr. T & the Women -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .   Fawcett was diagnosed with anal cancer in 2006 ; the 2009 NBC documentary Farrah 's Story chronicled her battle with the disease . She posthumously earned her fourth Emmy nomination for her work as a producer on the documentary .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Judy Greer has not appeared in multiple films.", "evidence": "Judy Greer -LRB- born Judith Therese Evans ; July 20 , 1975 -RRB- is an American actress , model and author , known for several television and film roles . On television , her best known roles include Kitty Sanchez on Arrested Development , Ingrid Nelson/Fatty Magoo on It 's Always Sunny In Philadelphia , Trixie on Californication , and Cheryl Tunt on the animated comedy series Archer . In film , Greer is known for several supporting roles in romantic comedies , with appearances in What Women Want -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , The Wedding Planner -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , 13 Going on 30 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , 27 Dresses -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Love and Other Drugs -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Her other film appearances include roles in The Descendants -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Carrie -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Jurassic World -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .   In 2011 , Greer began hosting an online series of workout videos called Reluctantly Healthy , which was adapted into a series by Litton Entertainment in 2014 as part of their Saturday morning One Magnificent Morning block for The CW . 2014 also saw the publication of her first book , I Do n't Know What You Know Me From : Confessions of a Co-Star .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "25 was released in November and was successful.", "evidence": "25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele . It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings . Following the release and international success of her second studio album 21 .   Titled as a reflection of her life and frame of mind at 25 years old , 25 is a `` make-up record '' . The album 's lyrical content features themes of Adele `` yearning for her old self , her nostalgia '' , and `` melancholia about the passage of time '' according to an interview with the singer by Rolling Stone , as well as themes of motherhood and regret . In contrast to Adele 's previous works , the production of 25 incorporated the use of electronic elements and creative rhythmic patterns , with elements of 1980s R&B and organs . Like 21 , Adele worked with producer and songwriter Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder , along with new collaborations with Max Martin and Shellback , Greg Kurstin , Danger Mouse , the Smeezingtons , Samuel Dixon , and Tobias Jesso Jr. .   25 received generally positive reviews from music critics , who commended Adele 's vocal performance and the album 's production . The album was a massive commercial success , debuting at number one in more than 25 markets and broke first-week sales records in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom and United States ; in the US , the album sold 3.38 million copies in its first week of release , marking the largest single-week sales for an album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking point-of-sale music purchases in 1991 . 25 eventually became the world 's best-selling album of 2015 with 17.4 million copies sold within the year , and has sold 20 million copies as of June 2016 , making it one of the best selling albums worldwide .   Following 21 , it was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- , denoting shipments of ten million copies in the United States , making Adele the only artist of the 2010s to achieve this certification with two albums . Many journalists felt that the album impacted the music industry by encouraging the public to return to buying physical albums , instead of downloading or streaming . 25 received the BRIT Award for British Album of the Year , while the lead single `` Hello '' won British Single of the Year . The album then won the 2017 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year , and Best Pop Vocal Album . `` Hello '' also won Grammys for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Pop Solo Performance .  25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele . It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings . Following the release and international success of her second studio album 21 .   Titled as a reflection of her life and frame of mind at 25 years old , 25 is a `` make-up record '' . The album 's lyrical content features themes of Adele `` yearning for her old self , her nostalgia '' , and `` melancholia about the passage of time '' according to an interview with the singer by Rolling Stone , as well as themes of motherhood and regret . In contrast to Adele 's previous works , the production of 25 incorporated the use of electronic elements and creative rhythmic patterns , with elements of 1980s R&B and organs . Like 21 , Adele worked with producer and songwriter Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder , along with new collaborations with Max Martin and Shellback , Greg Kurstin , Danger Mouse , the Smeezingtons , Samuel Dixon , and Tobias Jesso Jr. .   25 received generally positive reviews from music critics , who commended Adele 's vocal performance and the album 's production . The album was a massive commercial success , debuting at number one in more than 25 markets and broke first-week sales records in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom and United States ; in the US , the album sold 3.38 million copies in its first week of release , marking the largest single-week sales for an album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking point-of-sale music purchases in 1991 . 25 eventually became the world 's best-selling album of 2015 with 17.4 million copies sold within the year , and has sold 20 million copies as of June 2016 , making it one of the best selling albums worldwide .   Following 21 , it was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- , denoting shipments of ten million copies in the United States , making Adele the only artist of the 2010s to achieve this certification with two albums . Many journalists felt that the album impacted the music industry by encouraging the public to return to buying physical albums , instead of downloading or streaming . 25 received the BRIT Award for British Album of the Year , while the lead single `` Hello '' won British Single of the Year . The album then won the 2017 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year , and Best Pop Vocal Album . `` Hello '' also won Grammys for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Pop Solo Performance .  25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele . It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings . Following the release and international success of her second studio album 21 .   Titled as a reflection of her life and frame of mind at 25 years old , 25 is a `` make-up record '' . The album 's lyrical content features themes of Adele `` yearning for her old self , her nostalgia '' , and `` melancholia about the passage of time '' according to an interview with the singer by Rolling Stone , as well as themes of motherhood and regret . In contrast to Adele 's previous works , the production of 25 incorporated the use of electronic elements and creative rhythmic patterns , with elements of 1980s R&B and organs . Like 21 , Adele worked with producer and songwriter Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder , along with new collaborations with Max Martin and Shellback , Greg Kurstin , Danger Mouse , the Smeezingtons , Samuel Dixon , and Tobias Jesso Jr. .   25 received generally positive reviews from music critics , who commended Adele 's vocal performance and the album 's production . The album was a massive commercial success , debuting at number one in more than 25 markets and broke first-week sales records in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom and United States ; in the US , the album sold 3.38 million copies in its first week of release , marking the largest single-week sales for an album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking point-of-sale music purchases in 1991 . 25 eventually became the world 's best-selling album of 2015 with 17.4 million copies sold within the year , and has sold 20 million copies as of June 2016 , making it one of the best selling albums worldwide .   Following 21 , it was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- , denoting shipments of ten million copies in the United States , making Adele the only artist of the 2010s to achieve this certification with two albums . Many journalists felt that the album impacted the music industry by encouraging the public to return to buying physical albums , instead of downloading or streaming . 25 received the BRIT Award for British Album of the Year , while the lead single `` Hello '' won British Single of the Year . The album then won the 2017 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year , and Best Pop Vocal Album . `` Hello '' also won Grammys for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Pop Solo Performance .  25 is the third studio album by British singer and songwriter Adele . It was released on 20 November 2015 , through XL Recordings . Following the release and international success of her second studio album 21 .   Titled as a reflection of her life and frame of mind at 25 years old , 25 is a `` make-up record '' . The album 's lyrical content features themes of Adele `` yearning for her old self , her nostalgia '' , and `` melancholia about the passage of time '' according to an interview with the singer by Rolling Stone , as well as themes of motherhood and regret . In contrast to Adele 's previous works , the production of 25 incorporated the use of electronic elements and creative rhythmic patterns , with elements of 1980s R&B and organs . Like 21 , Adele worked with producer and songwriter Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder , along with new collaborations with Max Martin and Shellback , Greg Kurstin , Danger Mouse , the Smeezingtons , Samuel Dixon , and Tobias Jesso Jr. .   25 received generally positive reviews from music critics , who commended Adele 's vocal performance and the album 's production . The album was a massive commercial success , debuting at number one in more than 25 markets and broke first-week sales records in multiple countries , including the United Kingdom and United States ; in the US , the album sold 3.38 million copies in its first week of release , marking the largest single-week sales for an album since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking point-of-sale music purchases in 1991 . 25 eventually became the world 's best-selling album of 2015 with 17.4 million copies sold within the year , and has sold 20 million copies as of June 2016 , making it one of the best selling albums worldwide .   Following 21 , it was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- , denoting shipments of ten million copies in the United States , making Adele the only artist of the 2010s to achieve this certification with two albums . Many journalists felt that the album impacted the music industry by encouraging the public to return to buying physical albums , instead of downloading or streaming . 25 received the BRIT Award for British Album of the Year , while the lead single `` Hello '' won British Single of the Year . The album then won the 2017 Grammy Awards for Album of the Year , and Best Pop Vocal Album . `` Hello '' also won Grammys for Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Pop Solo Performance .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is an actress name Eliza Dushka.", "evidence": "Eliza Patricia Dushku -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u028a\u0283ku\u02d0 -RSB- born December 30 , 1980 -RRB- is an American actress and model known for her television roles , including starring as Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff series Angel . She starred in two Fox series , Tru Calling and Dollhouse . She is also known for her roles in films , including True Lies , The New Guy , Bring It On , Wrong Turn and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , as well as her voice work on video games .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Little Mix is a Ugandan girl group.", "evidence": "Little Mix are a British girl group formed in 2011 during the eighth series of the UK version of The X Factor . They are the first and , so far , only group to win the competition . Following their victory , they signed with Simon Cowell 's record label Syco Music and released a cover of Damien Rice 's `` Cannonball '' as their winner 's single . The members are Jade Thirlwall , Perrie Edwards , Leigh-Anne Pinnock , and Jesy Nelson .   Little Mix released their debut album DNA in 2012 , which peaked inside the top 10 in ten countries including the UK and US . This made Little Mix the first girl group since the Pussycat Dolls to reach the US top 5 with their debut album , as well as earning the highest debut US chart position by a British girl group , breaking the record previously held by the Spice Girls . In the UK , the album spawned the number-one single `` Wings '' . The group 's sophomore effort Salute , which was released in 2013 , became their second album to debut inside the top 10 in both the UK and US . The album produced two top 10 singles in their home country ; `` Move '' and `` Salute '' . Little Mix released their third studio album Get Weird in 2015 and it is their best-selling and longest charting album to date in the UK . The album 's lead single `` Black Magic '' reached number one in the UK and was also nominated for two Brit Awards in 2016 . The group 's 2016 fourth studio album Glory Days became their first number one album in the UK and was also the longest reigning girl group Number 1 since the Spice Girls ' debut album 20 years ago . The album 's lead single `` Shout Out to My Ex '' became the group 's fourth UK number one single , while the second single `` Touch '' became the group 's tenth top ten hit in the UK Singles Chart .   The group won Best British Single for `` Shout Out to My Ex '' at the 2017 Brit Awards , they have also received several other awards during their career , including two MTV Europe Music Awards , two Teen Choice Awards and two Glamour Awards . As of October 2016 the group has achieved four platinum certified albums and eleven certified singles in the UK . With four UK number one singles and highest first week UK album sales for a girl band since the Spice Girls , Little Mix are one of the most successful female acts in contemporary British popular culture : they appeared on Debrett 's 2017 list of the most influential people in the UK . Little Mix currently holds the record for the most VEVO Certified Videos for a British female artist , pushing Adele into second place , and also the most certified videos for a girl group . The group has 10 certified videos in total .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara has a director named Laila.", "evidence": "Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara -LRB- You wo n't get this life again -RRB- is a 2011 Indian comedy-drama road film directed by Zoya Akhtar and produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani of Excel Entertainment . The film features an ensemble cast including Hrithik Roshan as Arjun , Abhay Deol as Kabir and Farhan Akhtar as Imraan . It also stars Katrina Kaif as Laila , Kalki Koechlin as Natasha , and Ariadna Cabrol as Nuria along with Naseeruddin Shah making a special appearance . Made on a budget of , the film was shot in Spain , India , Egypt and the United Kingdom .   The story follows three friends , Arjun , Kabir , and Imraan who have been inseparable since childhood . They set off to Spain on a bachelor trip and meet Laila , who falls in love with Arjun and helps him overcome his problem of workaholism . Kabir and his fianc\u00e9e experience significant misunderstanding in the meanwhile , which they soon overcome . As part of the trip , each friend chooses a dangerous sport for the group to partake .   The music and score was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy with lyrics by Javed Akhtar . Initially expected to hit theatres on 27 May 2011 , the release of the film was pushed back to 24 June , and once again to 15 July due to technical glitches in post-production . The film had a worldwide release in 1800 screens and was a critical and commercial success . It grossed worldwide . After its theatrical run , the film was nominated for and won several awards in various categories , including two National Film Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Baahubali: The Beginning was released in 2000.", "evidence": "Baahubali : The Beginning -LRB- stylized as b\u00e3hubali ; The One with Strong Arms -RRB- is a 2015 Indian epic historical fiction film directed by S. S. Rajamouli . The film was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni and was simultaneously shot in Telugu and Tamil . The film stars Prabhas , Rana Daggubati , Anushka Shetty and Tamannaah in the lead roles , with Ramya Krishnan , Sathyaraj , and Nassar in supporting roles . The first of two cinematic parts , The Beginning is a tale of the lost rightful heir of the fictional kingdom of Mahishmati , who learns about his true identity while falling in love with a rebellious warrior , who -LRB- among with her group -RRB- intends to rescue the former queen of Mahismati .   The film was conceived by Rajamouli 's father K. V. Vijayendra Prasad , who randomly told him a story about Sivagami , a woman who carries a baby in her hand while crossing a river , and a few years later about Kattapa , which intrigued Rajamouli . His fascination with mythology and the tales of Amar Chitra Katha comics further fueled his interest in the story . However , it took the writers three months to finalise the final draft . The soundtrack and background score were composed by M. M. Keeravani while the cinematography , production design , and VFX were handled by K. K. Senthil Kumar , Sabu Cyril and V. Srinivas Mohan respectively .   The film was made on a budget of 1.8 billion , making it the most expensive Indian film at its time of release . The film opened worldwide on 10 July 2015 , garnering critical acclaim and record breaking box office success . With the worldwide box office gross of 6.5 billion , it became the highest grossing film in India and the third-highest grossing Indian film worldwide , and the highest-grossing South Indian film at the time of its release . Its Hindi dubbed version also broke several records by becoming the highest grossing dubbed film in India . Both budget and box office records since has been surpassed by its sequel , Baahubali 2 : The Conclusion . The Beginning is the highest grossing Indian film of 2015 and the fourth highest grossing Indian film of all time .   It received several accolades . It won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects and Best Feature Film , becoming the first Telugu film to win the award . At the 63rd Filmfare Awards South , the Telugu version won five awards from ten nominations , including Best Film , Best Director for Rajamouli and Best Supporting Actress for Krishnan . The Beginning became the first Indian film to be nominated for Saturn Awards , receiving five nominations at the 42nd ceremony , including Best Fantasy Film and Best Supporting Actress for Tamannaah . The film 's second and final cinematic part was released on 28 April 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Miley Cyrus is in the music industry.", "evidence": "Miley Ray Cyrus -LRB- born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , and actress . After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 . Her father Billy Ray Cyrus also starred in the show . She subsequently signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records , and her debut studio album Meet Miley Cyrus -LRB- 2007 -RRB- was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- having shipped over three million units . She released her second album Breakout and launched her film career as a voice actress in the animated film Bolt in 2008 .   Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 . In 2010 , she released her third album Ca n't Be Tamed , which stands as the lowest-selling record of her career , and starred in the coming-of-age film The Last Song . Cyrus focused on her acting career with several television and film appearances in 2011 and 2012 . Her sexually explicit behavior generated widespread controversy while promoting her fourth album Bangerz -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , her first under her recording contract with RCA Records . Cyrus ' independently-released fifth studio album Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz -LRB- 2015 -RRB- deviated from her traditional pop style for more psychedelic experimentation . In 2016 , she was a coach for the eleventh season of the singing competition series The Voice .   With Bangerz , Cyrus achieved her third number-one album on the U.S. Billboard 200 , and fifth overall including Hannah Montana soundtrack albums . She has logged eight top 10 entries on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 with : `` See You Again '' , `` 7 Things '' , `` The Climb '' , `` Party in the U.S.A. '' , `` Ca n't Be Tamed '' , `` We Ca n't Stop '' , `` Malibu '' and the chart-topping `` Wrecking Ball '' . Cyrus has earned numerous awards and nominations , as Billboard ranked her as the fourth best-selling female artist of 2009 . She was ranked number thirteen on Forbes Celebrity 100 in 2010 , and in 2013 was declared `` Artist of the Year '' by MTV . She has been included on the Time 100 list of most influential people in 2008 and 2014 .  Hannah Montana 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus is a double album . It was released on June 26 , 2007 , by Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records . The first disc serves as the soundtrack album from the second season of the television series Hannah Montana , while the second disc serves as the debut studio album by its primary by an actress Miley Cyrus . All twenty tracks are performed by Cyrus , although the first disc is credited to her character Hannah Montana . In the vein of the original soundtrack , Hannah Montana -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . The lyrical themes revolve largely around `` girl power '' , teen romance , and the double life that Cyrus ' character lives on the program .   Hannah Montana 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 , with first-week sales of 325,000 copies , and has since became certified quadruple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- for exceeding shipments of four million units . The album charted well on national record charts throughout Europe and Oceania , appearing in the top-twenty in several countries . The album received a multi-platinum certification in Canada , single-platinum certifications in Australia and Sweden , and gold certifications in Mexico , Spain , and the United Kingdom . As of April 2016 , the album managed to sell 9.8 millions copies worldwide .   `` Nobody 's Perfect '' was released as the only single from Hannah Montana 2 on May 15 , 2007 . The track peaked at number 27 on the US Billboard Hot 100 . `` See You Again '' was later released as the lead single from Meet Miley Cyrus . It reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming Cyrus ' first single to enter the top ten on the chart . Its follow-up single `` Start All Over '' peaked at number 68 in the United States . The soundtrack was further promoted with Cyrus ' headlining Best of Both Worlds Tour .  Hannah Montana 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus is a double album . It was released on June 26 , 2007 , by Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records . The first disc serves as the soundtrack album from the second season of the television series Hannah Montana , while the second disc serves as the debut studio album by its primary by an actress Miley Cyrus . All twenty tracks are performed by Cyrus , although the first disc is credited to her character Hannah Montana . In the vein of the original soundtrack , Hannah Montana -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . The lyrical themes revolve largely around `` girl power '' , teen romance , and the double life that Cyrus ' character lives on the program .   Hannah Montana 2 : Meet Miley Cyrus debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 , with first-week sales of 325,000 copies , and has since became certified quadruple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- for exceeding shipments of four million units . The album charted well on national record charts throughout Europe and Oceania , appearing in the top-twenty in several countries . The album received a multi-platinum certification in Canada , single-platinum certifications in Australia and Sweden , and gold certifications in Mexico , Spain , and the United Kingdom . As of April 2016 , the album managed to sell 9.8 millions copies worldwide .   `` Nobody 's Perfect '' was released as the only single from Hannah Montana 2 on May 15 , 2007 . The track peaked at number 27 on the US Billboard Hot 100 . `` See You Again '' was later released as the lead single from Meet Miley Cyrus . It reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming Cyrus ' first single to enter the top ten on the chart . Its follow-up single `` Start All Over '' peaked at number 68 in the United States . The soundtrack was further promoted with Cyrus ' headlining Best of Both Worlds Tour .  Hollywood Records is an American record label of the Disney Music Group , distributed by the Universal Music Group . The label focuses in pop , rock , alternative , hip hop , and country genres , as well as specializing in mature recordings not suitable for the flagship Walt Disney Records label . Founded in 1989 , its current roster includes artists such as Jordan Fisher , Zella Day , Demi Lovato , Queen , Zendaya , Ocean Park Standoff , Dreamers , Bea Miller , Martina Stoessel , Breaking Benjamin , Jorge Blanco , Sabrina Carpenter , R5 , The Young Wild , Olivia Holt , Sofia Carson , Forever in Your Mind , Grace Potter and the Nocturnals , Boy Epic , and Joywave . The label also releases Marvel Studios 's soundtrack and compilation albums in conjunction with Marvel Music .  An album is a collection of audio recordings issued as a single item on CD , record , audio tape or another medium . Albums of recorded music were developed in the early 20th century , first as books of individual 78rpm records , then from 1948 as vinyl LP records played at rpm . Vinyl LPs are still issued , though in the 21st-century album sales have mostly focused on compact disc -LRB- CD -RRB- and MP3 formats . The audio cassette was a format used from the late 1970s through to the 1990s alongside vinyl .   An album may be recorded in a recording studio -LRB- fixed or mobile -RRB- , in a concert venue , at home , in the field , or a mix of places . The time frame for completely recording an album varies between a few hours to several years . This process usually requires several takes with different parts recorded separately , and then brought or `` mixed '' together . Recordings that are done in one take without overdubbing are termed `` live '' , even when done in a studio . Studios are built to absorb sound , eliminating reverberation , so as to assist in mixing different takes ; other locations , such as concert venues and some `` live rooms '' , allow for reverberation , which creates a `` live '' sound . The majority of studio recordings contain an abundance of editing , sound effects , voice adjustments , etc. . With modern recording technology , musicians can be recorded in separate rooms or at separate times while listening to the other parts using headphones ; with each part recorded as a separate track .   Album covers and liner notes are used , and sometimes additional information is provided , such as analysis of the recording , and lyrics or librettos . Historically , the term `` album '' was applied to a collection of various items housed in a book format . In musical usage the word was used for collections of short pieces of printed music from the early nineteenth century . Later , collections of related 78rpm records were bundled in book-like albums -LRB- one side of a 78 rpm record could hold only about 3.5 minutes of sound -RRB- . When long-playing records were introduced , a collection of pieces on a single record was called an album ; the word was extended to other recording media such as compact disc , MiniDisc , Compact audio cassette , and digital albums as they were introduced .  In the United States , the Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- awards certification based on the number of albums and singles sold through retail and other ancillary markets . Other countries have similar awards -LRB- see music recording sales certification -RRB- . Certification is not automatic ; for an award to be made , the record label must request certification . The audit is conducted against net shipments after returns -LRB- most often an artist 's royalty statement is used -RRB- , which includes albums sold directly to retailers and one-stops , direct-to-consumer sales -LRB- music clubs and mail order -RRB- and other outlets .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Christina Aguilera has avoided the music industry entirely.", "evidence": "Christina Mar\u00eda Aguilera -LRB- born December 18 , 1980 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years . After recording `` Reflection '' , the theme for Disney 's 1998 film Mulan , Aguilera signed with RCA Records . She rose to prominence with her 1999 self-titled debut album that spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles ; `` Genie in a Bottle '' , `` What a Girl Wants '' , and `` Come On Over Baby -LRB- All I Want Is You -RRB- '' . The following year , Aguilera released two studio albums ; the Spanish-language album Mi Reflejo and the holiday album My Kind of Christmas . She assumed creative control for her fourth studio album , Stripped -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , which produced `` Dirrty '' , `` Beautiful '' , and `` Fighter '' . Aguilera 's fifth studio album , Back to Basics -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , debuted at number one on the album charts of ten countries and spawned the tracks `` Ai n't No Other Man '' and `` Hurt '' . In 2010 , Aguilera released her sixth studio album Bionic and starred in the film Burlesque . The following year , she debuted as a coach on the reality competition television series The Voice ; she has since appeared on six of its twelve seasons . Her seventh studio album , Lotus , was released in 2012 . Aguilera has also been featured on several successful collaborations during her career , including `` Lady Marmalade '' , `` Moves like Jagger '' , and `` Say Something '' .   Aguilera has been recognized as a pop icon and earned the title `` Pop Princess '' in her early years . Her work has earned her five Grammy Awards , one Latin Grammy Award , and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . She has sold over 17.9 million albums in the United States as of 2014 and 50 million albums worldwide as of 2015 . In 2009 , she ranked at number 58 on Rolling Stones list of 100 Greatest Singers of All Time , thereby becoming the youngest and the only artist under 30 to be named . Billboard recognized her as the 20th most successful artist of the 2000s , and Time listed Aguilera among the top 100 Most Influential People in the World of 2013 . Aside from her work in the entertainment industry , Aguilera is involved in charitable activities through human rights , world issues , and her work as a UN ambassador for the World Food Programme .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Bill Gates was a chairman of Microsoft.", "evidence": "William Henry Gates III -LRB- born October 28 , 1955 -RRB- is the co-founder of Microsoft and is an American business magnate , investor , author and philanthropist .   In 1975 , Gates and Paul Allen co-founded Microsoft , which became the world 's largest PC software company . During his career at Microsoft , Gates held the positions of chairman , CEO and chief software architect , while also being the largest individual shareholder until May 2014 . Gates stepped down as chief executive officer of Microsoft in January 2000 , but he remained as chairman and created the position of chief software architect for himself . In June 2006 , Gates announced that he would be transitioning from full-time work at Microsoft to part-time work and full-time work at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . He gradually transferred his duties to Ray Ozzie and Craig Mundie . He stepped down as chairman of Microsoft in February 2014 , taking on a new post as technology adviser to support the then newly appointed CEO Satya Nadella .   Gates is one of the best-known entrepreneurs of the personal computer revolution . He has been criticized for his business tactics , which have been considered anti-competitive , an opinion that has in some cases been upheld by numerous court rulings . Later in his career , Gates pursued a number of philanthropic endeavors , donating large amounts of money to various charitable organizations and scientific research programs through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , established in 2000 .   Since 1987 , Gates has been included in the Forbes list of the world 's wealthiest people . Gates is the richest person in the world , with an estimated net worth of US$ 88.5 billion . In 2009 , Gates and Warren Buffett founded The Giving Pledge , whereby they and other billionaires pledge to give at least half of their wealth to philanthropy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Keanu Reeves played bass guitar for the band Becky in 2001.", "evidence": "Keanu Charles Reeves -LRB- -LSB- ki\u02d0\u02c8\u0251\u02d0nu\u02d0 -RSB- ; born September 2 , 1964 -RRB- is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .   Reeves is best known for his acting career , beginning in 1985 and spanning more than three decades . He gained fame for his starring role performances in several blockbuster films including comedies from the Bill and Ted franchise -LRB- 1989 -- 1991 -RRB- ; action thrillers Point Break -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Speed -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , and the John Wick franchise ; psychological thriller The Devil 's Advocate -LRB- 1997 -RRB- ; supernatural thriller Constantine -LRB- 2005 -RRB- ; and science fiction/action series The Matrix -LRB- 1999 -- 2003 -RRB- . He has also appeared in dramatic films such as Dangerous Liaisons -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , My Own Private Idaho -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , and Little Buddha -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , as well as the romantic horror Bram Stoker 's Dracula -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .   Since becoming active in the film industry , Reeves has earned critical acclaim . One New York Times critic praised Reeves ' versatility , saying that he `` displays considerable discipline and range ... he moves easily between the buttoned-down demeanor that suits a police procedural story and the loose-jointed manner of his comic roles '' . However , Reeves has spent much of his later career being typecast . A recurring character arc in many roles he has portrayed is one of saving the world , as can be seen in the characters of Ted Logan , Buddha , Neo , Johnny Mnemonic , John Constantine , and Klaatu . His acting has garnered several awards , including a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .   During his film career , Reeves has engaged in several forms of artistic expression . Active as a musician for over a decade , he played bass guitar for the bands Dogstar and Becky . Acting onstage , he performed as Prince Hamlet for the Manitoba Theatre Centre 's production of Hamlet . He wrote the text for a picture book , Ode to Happiness , illustrated by Alexandra Grant . He has also produced a documentary , Side by Side , and directed the martial arts film Man of Tai Chi .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gone with the Wind is a long-length fiction work.", "evidence": "Gone with the Wind is a novel by American writer Margaret Mitchell , first published in 1936 . The story is set in Clayton County and Atlanta , both in Georgia , during the American Civil War and Reconstruction Era . It depicts the struggles of young Scarlett O'Hara , the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner , who must use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty following Sherman 's destructive `` March to the Sea '' . This historical novel features a Bildungsroman or coming-of-age story , with the title taken from a poem written by Ernest Dowson .   Gone with the Wind was popular with American readers from the outset and was the top American fiction bestseller in the year it was published and in 1937 . As of 2014 , a Harris poll found it to be the second favorite book of American readers , just behind the Bible . More than 30 million copies have been printed worldwide .   Written from the perspective of the slaveholder , Gone with the Wind is Southern plantation fiction . Its portrayal of slavery and African Americans has been considered controversial , especially by succeeding generations , as well as its use of a racial epithet and ethnic slurs common to the period . However , the novel has become a reference point for subsequent writers about the South , both black and white . Scholars at American universities refer to it in their writings , interpret and study it . The novel has been absorbed into American popular culture .   Mitchell received the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for the book in 1937 . It was adapted into a 1939 American film . Gone with the Wind is the only novel by Mitchell published during her lifetime .   Mitchell used color symbolism , especially the colors red and green , which frequently are associated with Scarlett O'Hara . Mitchell identified the primary theme as survival . She left the ending speculative for the reader , however . She was often asked what became of her lovers , Rhett and Scarlett . She replied , `` For all I know , Rhett may have found someone else who was less difficult . '' Two sequels authorized by Mitchell 's estate were published more than a half century later . A parody was also produced .  A novel is any relatively long piece of written narrative fiction , normally in prose , and typically published as a book .   The genre has also been described as possessing , `` a continuous and comprehensive history of about two thousand years '' . This view sees the novel 's origins in Classical Greece and Rome , medieval , early modern romance , and the tradition of the novella . The latter , an Italian word used to describe short stories , supplied the present generic English term in the 18th century . Ian Watt , however , in The Rise of the Novel -LRB- 1957 -RRB- suggests that the novel first came into being in the early 18th century ,   Miguel de Cervantes , author of Don Quixote , is frequently cited as the first significant European novelist of the modern era ; the first part of Don Quixote was published in 1605 .   The romance is a closely related long prose narrative . Walter Scott defined it as `` a fictitious narrative in prose or verse ; the interest of which turns upon marvellous and uncommon incidents '' , whereas in the novel `` the events are accommodated to the ordinary train of human events and the modern state of society '' . However , many romances , including the historical romances of Scott , Emily Bront\u00eb 's Wuthering Heights and Herman Melville 's Moby-Dick , are also frequently called novels , and Scott describes romance as a `` kindred term '' . Romance , as defined here , should not be confused with the genre fiction love romance or romance novel . Other European languages do not distinguish between romance and novel : `` a novel is le roman , der Roman , il romanzo . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gold has a distinctive color.", "evidence": "Gold is a chemical element with symbol Au -LRB- from aurum -RRB- and atomic number 79 . In its purest form , it is a bright , slightly reddish yellow , dense , soft , malleable , and ductile metal . Chemically , gold is a transition metal and a group 11 element . It is one of the least reactive chemical elements and is solid under standard conditions . Gold often occurs in free elemental -LRB- native -RRB- form , as nuggets or grains , in rocks , in veins , and in alluvial deposits . It occurs in a solid solution series with the native element silver -LRB- as electrum -RRB- and also naturally alloyed with copper and palladium . Less commonly , it occurs in minerals as gold compounds , often with tellurium -LRB- gold tellurides -RRB- .   Gold 's atomic number of 79 makes it one of the higher numbered , naturally occurring elements . It is thought to have been produced in supernova nucleosynthesis , from the collision of neutron stars , and to have been present in the dust from which the Solar System formed . Because the Earth was molten when it was formed , almost all of the gold present in the early Earth probably sank into the planetary core . Therefore , most of the gold that is present today in the Earth 's crust and mantle is thought to have been delivered to Earth later , by asteroid impacts during the Late Heavy Bombardment , about 4 billion years ago .   Gold is resistant to most acids , though it does dissolve in aqua regia , a mixture of nitric acid and hydrochloric acid , which forms a soluble tetrachloroaurate anion . Gold is insoluble in nitric acid , which dissolves silver and base metals , a property that has long been used to refine gold and to confirm the presence of gold in metallic objects , giving rise to the term acid test . Gold also dissolves in alkaline solutions of cyanide , which are used in mining and electroplating . Gold dissolves in mercury , forming amalgam alloys , but this is not a chemical reaction .   Historically , the value of gold was rooted in its relative rarity , easy handling and minting , easy smelting and fabrication , resistance to corrosion and other chemical reactions -LRB- nobility -RRB- and its distinctive color . As a precious metal , gold has been used for coinage , jewelry , and other arts throughout recorded history . In the past , a gold standard was often implemented as a monetary policy , but gold coins ceased to be minted as a circulating currency in the 1930s , and the world gold standard was abandoned for a fiat currency system after 1976 .   A total of 186,700 tonnes of gold is in existence above ground , as of 2015 . The world consumption of new gold produced is about 50 % in jewelry , 40 % in investments , and 10 % in industry . Gold 's high malleability , ductility , resistance to corrosion and most other chemical reactions , and conductivity of electricity have led to its continued use in corrosion resistant electrical connectors in all types of computerized devices -LRB- its chief industrial use -RRB- . Gold is also used in infrared shielding , colored-glass production , gold leafing , and tooth restoration . Certain gold salts are still used as anti-inflammatories in medicine . As of 2014 , the world 's largest gold producer by far was China with 450 tonnes .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lodging is done in a car.", "evidence": "Lodging or a holiday accommodation is a type of residential accommodation . People who travel and stay away from house for more than a day need lodging for sleep , rest , food , safety , shelter from cold temperatures or rain , storage of luggage and access to common household functions .   Lodgings may be self-catering , in which case no food is provided , but cooking facilities are available .   Lodging is done in a hotel , motel , hostel or hostal , a private home -LRB- commercial , i.e. a bed and breakfast , a guest house , a vacation rental , or non-commercially , with members of hospitality services or in the home of friends -RRB- , in a tent , caravan/camper -LRB- often on a campsite -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "K-pop Star 2 featured Park Jin-young as a judge.", "evidence": "The second season of the South Korean reality television competition show K-pop Star premiered on SBS on November 18 , 2012 , airing Sunday evenings at 4:55 pm KST as part of the Good Sunday lineup . Yoon Do-hyun returned as host and narrator , and Boom returned as live host . Yang Hyun-suk , Park Jin-young , and BoA returned as judges . The season ended on April 6 , 2013 , with Akdong Musician crowned as winner and chose to sign with YG Entertainment .   Contestants from the Top 10 of Season 2 returned for a special Dream Stage - Best of the Best episode on April 14 , 2013 , competing with contestants of Season 1 for the title of Overall Champion .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Khmer Empire was weak.", "evidence": "The Khmer Empire , officially the Angkor Empire , the predecessor state to modern Cambodia -LRB- `` Kampuchea '' or `` Srok Khmer '' to the Khmer people -RRB- , was a powerful Hindu-Buddhist empire in Southeast Asia . The empire , which grew out of the former kingdoms of Funan and Chenla , at times ruled over and/or vassalised most of mainland Southeast Asia .   Its greatest legacy is Angkor , in present-day Cambodia , which was the site of the capital city during the empire 's zenith . The majestic monuments of Angkor -- such as Angkor Wat and Bayon -- bear testimony to the Khmer Empire 's immense power and wealth , impressive art and culture , architectural technique and aesthetics achievements , as well as the variety of belief systems that it patronised over time . Satellite imaging has revealed that Angkor , during its peak in the 11th to 13th centuries , was the largest pre-industrial urban centre in the world .   The beginning of the era of the Khmer Empire is conventionally dated to 802 CE . In this year , King Jayavarman II had himself declared chakravartin -LRB- `` king of the world '' , or `` king of kings '' -RRB- on Phnom Kulen . The empire ended with the fall of Angkor in the 15th century .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Gwen Stefani received a World Music Award.", "evidence": "Gwen Ren\u00e9e Stefani -LRB- -LSB- gw\u025bn_\u02c8st\u0259\u02c8f\u0251\u02d0ni -RSB- born October 3 , 1969 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality . She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom -LRB- 1995 -RRB- along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' . During the band 's hiatus , Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love . Angel . Music . Baby . Inspired by pop music from the 1980s , the album was met with both critical and commercial success . It spawned three commercially successful singles : `` What You Waiting For ? '' , `` Rich Girl '' , and `` Hollaback Girl '' , the latter reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 while also becoming the first US download to sell one million copies . In 2006 Stefani released her second studio album The Sweet Escape . The album produced two successful singles : `` Wind It Up '' and the album 's title track `` The Sweet Escape '' . Her third solo album This Is What the Truth Feels Like was released in March 2016 and became her first solo number-one album on the Billboard 200 .   Stefani has won three Grammy Awards . As a solo artist she has received various accolades , including an American Music Award , Brit Award , World Music Award and two Billboard Music Awards . In 2003 , she debuted her clothing line L.A.M.B. and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line , drawing inspiration from Japanese culture and fashion . Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls . She was married to British musician Gavin Rossdale from 2002 to 2015 and they have three sons . Billboard magazine ranked Stefani the 54th most successful artist and 37th most successful Hot 100 artist of the 2000 -- 09 decade . VH1 ranked her 13th on their `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' list in 2012 . Including her work with No Doubt , Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Buddy Holly's birth name was Johnny Bravo.", "evidence": "Buddy Holly -LRB- born Charles Hardin Holley ; September 7 , 1936 -- February 3 , 1959 -RRB- was an American musician and singer-songwriter who was a central figure of mid-1950s rock and roll . Holley was born in Lubbock , Texas , to a musical family during the Great Depression ; he learned to play guitar and to sing alongside his siblings . His style was influenced by gospel music , country music , and rhythm and blues acts , and he performed in Lubbock with his friends from high school . He made his first appearance on local television in 1952 , and the following year he formed the group `` Buddy and Bob '' with his friend Bob Montgomery . In 1955 , after opening for Elvis Presley , Holly decided to pursue a career in music . He opened for Presley three times that year ; his band 's style shifted from country and western to entirely rock and roll . In October that year , when he opened for Bill Haley & His Comets , Holly was spotted by Nashville scout Eddie Crandall , who helped him get a contract with Decca Records .   Holly 's recording sessions at Decca were produced by Owen Bradley . Unhappy with Bradley 's control in the studio and with the sound he achieved there , Holly went to producer Norman Petty in Clovis , New Mexico , and recorded a demo of `` That 'll Be the Day '' , among other songs . Petty became the band 's manager and sent the demo to Brunswick Records , which released it as a single credited to `` The Crickets '' , which became the name of Holly 's band . In September 1957 , as the band toured , `` That 'll Be the Day '' topped the US `` Best Sellers in Stores '' chart and the UK Singles Chart . Its success was followed in October by another major hit , `` Peggy Sue '' .   The album Chirping Crickets , released in November 1957 , reached number five on the UK Albums Chart . Holly made his second appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show in January 1958 and soon after , toured Australia and then the UK . In early 1959 , Holly assembled a new band , consisting of future country music star Waylon Jennings -LRB- bass -RRB- , famed session musician Tommy Allsup -LRB- guitar -RRB- , and Carl Bunch -LRB- drums -RRB- , and embarked on a tour of the midwestern U.S. . After a show in Clear Lake , Iowa , Holly chartered an airplane to travel to his next show , in Moorhead , Minnesota . Soon after takeoff , the plane crashed , killing Holly , Ritchie Valens , The Big Bopper , and pilot Roger Peterson in a tragedy later referred to by Don McLean as `` The Day the Music Died '' .   During his short career , Holly wrote , recorded , and produced his own material . He is often regarded as the artist who defined the traditional rock-and-roll lineup of two guitars , bass , and drums . Holly was a major influence on later popular music artists , including The Beatles , The Rolling Stones , Eric Clapton , and Elton John . He was among the first artists inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , in 1986 . Rolling Stone magazine ranked him number 13 in its list of `` 100 Greatest Artists '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Liev Schreiber is an American actor.", "evidence": "Isaac Liev Schreiber -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8li\u02d0.\u025bv -RSB- born October 4 , 1967 -RRB- , better known as Liev Schreiber , is an American actor , director , screenwriter , and producer . He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s , having appeared in several independent films , and later mainstream Hollywood films , including the Scream trilogy of horror films , Ransom -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Phantoms -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , The Sum of All Fears -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , The Omen -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , X-Men Origins : Wolverine -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Taking Woodstock -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Salt -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Goon -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Pawn Sacrifice -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , and Spotlight -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .   Schreiber is also a respected stage actor , having performed in several Broadway productions . In 2005 , he won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in the play Glengarry Glen Ross . That year , he made his debut as a film director and writer with Everything Is Illuminated -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , based on the novel of the same name . Schreiber has had further success in the television world , notably portraying the eponymous protagonist of the Showtime drama series Ray Donovan -LRB- 2013 -- present -RRB- ; the role has earned him four Golden Globe Award nominations and two Primetime Emmy Award nominations . He also narrates the HBO series 24/7 , as well as various PBS programs .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Oakland, California is a city populated by 419,267 people.", "evidence": "Oakland -LSB- \u02c8o\u028akl\u0259nd -RSB- is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County , California , United States . A major West Coast port city , Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area , the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area , the eighth largest city in California , and the 45th largest city in the United States , with a population of 419,267 . It serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area ; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay , the entirety of Northern California , and the fifth busiest in the United States . The city was incorporated in 1852 .   Oakland 's territory covers what was once a mosaic of California coastal terrace prairie , oak woodland , and north coastal scrub . Its land served as a rich resource when its hillside oak and redwood timber were logged to build San Francisco , and Oakland 's fertile flatland soils helped it become a prolific agricultural region . In the late 1860s , Oakland was selected as the western terminal of the Transcontinental Railroad . Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , many San Francisco citizens moved to Oakland , enlarging the city 's population , increasing its housing stock and improving its infrastructure . It continued to grow in the 20th century with its busy port , shipyards , and a thriving automobile manufacturing industry .   Oakland is known for its sustainability practices , including a top-ranking for usage of electricity from renewable resources . Oakland is also known for its history of political activism , as well as its professional sports franchises -LRB- such as the Oakland Raiders , Oakland Athletics and the Golden State Warriors -RRB- and major corporations , which include health care , dot-com companies , and manufacturers of household products . In addition , due to a steady influx of immigrants during the 20th century , along with thousands of African-American war-industry workers who relocated from the Deep South during the 1940s , Oakland is the most ethnically diverse major city in the country .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alex Rodriguez is an athlete.", "evidence": "Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 -RRB- , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman . He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees . Rodriguez was one of the sport 's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time . During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in -LRB- RBI -RRB- , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits . He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League -LRB- AL -RRB- Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Awards , ten Silver Slugger Awards , and two Gold Glove Awards . Rodr\u00edguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25 . However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .   The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft , and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18 . In 1996 , he became the Mariners ' starting shortstop and finished second in voting for the AL MVP Award . Rodriguez 's combination of power , speed , and defense made him a cornerstone of the franchise , but he left the team via free agency after the 2000 season to join the Rangers . The 10-year , $ 252 million contract he signed was the richest in baseball history . He played at a high level in his three years with Texas , highlighted by his first AL MVP Award win in 2003 , but the team failed to make the playoffs during his tenure . Prior to the 2004 season , Rodriguez was traded to the Yankees , for whom he converted to a third baseman due to incumbent shortstop Derek Jeter . In his first four seasons with New York , he was twice more named AL MVP . After opting out of his contract following the 2007 season , Rodriguez signed a new 10-year , $ 275 million deal with the Yankees , extending his record for the sport 's most lucrative contract . He became the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , reaching the milestone in 2007 . He won his first World Series in 2009 , which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium . The following year , he became the career leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent . In recent years , Rodriguez has been hampered by hip and knee injuries , which have caused him to exclusively become a designated hitter . He played his final game as a Yankee on August 12 , 2016 .   In February 2009 , after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs , including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes , Rodriguez admitted to using steroids , saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for Rangers due to `` an enormous amount of pressure '' to perform . While recovering from a hip injury in 2013 , Rodriguez made headlines by feuding with team management over his rehabilitation and for having allegedly obtained performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis baseball scandal . In August 2013 , MLB suspended him 211 games for his involvement in the scandal , but he was allowed to play while appealing the punishment . Had the original suspension been upheld , it would have been the longest non-lifetime suspension in Major League Baseball history . After an arbitration hearing , the suspension was reduced to 162 games , keeping him off the field for the entire 2014 season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nazi Germany happened after Hitler's death.", "evidence": "Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945 , when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party -LRB- NSDAP -RRB- . Under Hitler 's rule , Germany was transformed into a fascist state in which the Nazi Party took totalitarian control over nearly all aspects of life . The official name of the state was Deutsches Reich from 1933 to 1943 and Gro\u00dfdeutsches Reich -LRB- `` Greater German Reich '' -RRB- from 1943 to 1945 . The period is also known under the names the Third Reich -LRB- Drittes Reich -RRB- and the National Socialist Period -LRB- Zeit des Nationalsozialismus , abbreviated as NS-Zeit -RRB- . The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945 , ending World War II in Europe .   Hitler was appointed Chancellor of Germany by the President of the Weimar Republic Paul von Hindenburg on 30 January 1933 . The Nazi Party then began to eliminate all political opposition and consolidate its power . Hindenburg died on 2 August 1934 , and Hitler became dictator of Germany by merging the powers and offices of the Chancellery and Presidency . A national referendum held 19 August 1934 confirmed Hitler as sole F\u00fchrer -LRB- leader -RRB- of Germany . All power was centralised in Hitler 's person , and his word became above all laws . The government was not a coordinated , co-operating body , but a collection of factions struggling for power and Hitler 's favour . In the midst of the Great Depression , the Nazis restored economic stability and ended mass unemployment using heavy military spending and a mixed economy . Extensive public works were undertaken , including the construction of Autobahnen -LRB- motorways -RRB- . The return to economic stability boosted the regime 's popularity .   Racism , especially antisemitism , was a central feature of the regime . The Germanic peoples -LRB- the Nordic race -RRB- were considered by the Nazis to be the purest branch of the Aryan race , and were therefore viewed as the master race . Millions of Jews and other peoples deemed undesirable by the state were murdered in the Holocaust . Opposition to Hitler 's rule was ruthlessly suppressed . Members of the liberal , socialist , and communist opposition were killed , imprisoned , or exiled . Christian churches were also oppressed , with many leaders imprisoned . Education focused on racial biology , population policy , and fitness for military service . Career and educational opportunities for women were curtailed . Recreation and tourism were organised via the Strength Through Joy program , and the 1936 Summer Olympics showcased the Third Reich on the international stage . Propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels made effective use of film , mass rallies , and Hitler 's hypnotic oratory to control public opinion . The government controlled artistic expression , promoting specific art forms and banning or discouraging others .   Beginning in the late 1930s , Nazi Germany made increasingly aggressive territorial demands , threatening war if they were not met . It seized Austria and Czechoslovakia in 1938 and 1939 . Hitler made a non-aggression pact with Joseph Stalin and invaded Poland in September 1939 , launching World War II in Europe . In alliance with Italy and smaller Axis powers , Germany conquered most of Europe by 1940 and threatened Great Britain . Reichskommissariats took control of conquered areas , and a German administration was established in what was left of Poland . Jews and others deemed undesirable were imprisoned , murdered in Nazi concentration camps and extermination camps , or shot .   Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , the tide gradually turned against the Nazis , who suffered major military defeats in 1943 . Large-scale aerial bombing of Germany escalated in 1944 , and the Axis powers were pushed back in Eastern and Southern Europe . Following the Allied invasion of France , Germany was conquered by the Soviet Union from the east and the other Allied powers from the west and capitulated within a year . Hitler 's refusal to admit defeat led to massive destruction of German infrastructure and additional war-related deaths in the closing months of the war . The victorious Allies initiated a policy of denazification and put many of the surviving Nazi leadership on trial for war crimes at the Nuremberg trials .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Keturah was Abraham's wife.", "evidence": "Keturah was a concubine and wife of the Biblical patriarch Abraham . According to the Book of Genesis , Abraham married Keturah after the death of his first wife , Sarah ; Abraham and Keturah had six sons .   One modern commentator on the Hebrew Bible has called Keturah `` the most ignored significant person in the Torah '' . Some Jewish scholars have believed Keturah to be the same person as Abraham 's concubine Hagar , but this view is not universally held .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Game of Thrones (season 1) featured Scottish stage and television actor Iain Glen.", "evidence": "The first season of the fantasy drama television series Game of Thrones premiered on HBO on April 17 , 2011 , at 9.00 pm in the U.S. , and concluded on June 19 , 2011 . It consists of ten episodes , each of approximately 55 minutes . The series is based on A Game of Thrones , the first novel in the A Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin , adapted for television by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss . HBO had ordered a television pilot in November 2008 ; filming began the following year . However , it was deemed unsatisfactory and later reshot with some roles being recast . In March 2010 , HBO ordered the first season , which began filming in July 2010 , primarily in Belfast , Northern Ireland , with additional filming in Malta .   The story takes place in a fictional world , primarily upon a continent called Westeros , with one storyline occurring on another continent to the east known as Essos . Like the novel , the season initially focuses on the family of nobleman Eddard Stark , who is asked to become chief advisor to his king and longtime friend , Robert Baratheon . Ned must find out who killed the previous Hand of the King , Jon Arryn , while trying to protect his family from their rivals the Lannisters . He uncovers the dark secrets about the Lannisters that his predecessor died trying to expose . Meanwhile , in Essos , the exiled Viserys Targaryen , son of the former king , believes he still has the rightful claim to the throne .   Game of Thrones features a large ensemble cast , including Bean , Addy , Peter Dinklage , Lena Headey , Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , Michelle Fairley and Iain Glen . Newer actors were cast as the younger generation of characters , such as Kit Harington , Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams .   Critics praised the show 's production values and cast , with specific accolades for Dinklage 's portrayal of Tyrion Lannister . The first season won two of the thirteen Emmy Awards for which it was nominated , for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series -LRB- Dinklage -RRB- and Outstanding Main Title Design . It also received a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series . Bean and Emilia Clarke also received individual accolades , as did Ramin Djawadi for music . U.S. viewership rose by approximately 33 % over the course of the season , from 2.2 million to over 3 million by the finale .  Iain Glen -LRB- born 24 June 1961 -RRB- is a Scottish film , television , and stage actor . Glen is best known for his roles as Dr. Alexander Isaacs / Tyrant in the Resident Evil films and for portraying Ser Jorah Mormont on Game of Thrones . Other notable roles include John Hanning Speke in Mountains of the Moon , Sir Richard Carlisle in Downton Abbey , the title role in Jack Taylor and Jarrod Slade in Cleverman .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Patrick Bateman is the villain protagonist of the game American Psycho.", "evidence": "Patrick Bateman is a fictional character , the villain protagonist and narrator of the novel American Psycho by Bret Easton Ellis , and its film adaptation . He is a wealthy , materialistic Wall Street investment banker who leads a double life as a serial killer . Bateman has also briefly appeared in other Ellis novels .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jimmy Carter was not a president.", "evidence": "James Earl Carter Jr. -LRB- born October 1 , 1924 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the 39th President of the United States from 1977 to 1981 . A member of the Democratic Party , he served as the Governor of Georgia prior to his election as president . Carter has remained active in public life during his post-presidency , and in 2002 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work with the Carter Center .   Carter joined the United States Navy after graduating high school , serving on nuclear submarines . He left the Navy in 1953 to return to Georgia , where he worked as a peanut farmer . From 1963 to 1967 , Carter served in the Georgia State Senate . In 1970 , Carter won election as Governor of Georgia , defeating former Governor Carl Sanders in the Democratic primary . He served as governor from 1971 to 1975 . Despite being little-known outside of Georgia at the start of the campaign , Carter won the 1976 Democratic presidential nomination . In the general election , Carter defeated incumbent Republican President Gerald Ford in a relatively close election .   On his second day in office , Carter pardoned all evaders of the Vietnam War drafts . During Carter 's term as President , two new cabinet-level departments , the Department of Energy and the Department of Education , were established . He established a national energy policy that included conservation , price control , and new technology . In foreign affairs , Carter pursued the Camp David Accords , the Panama Canal Treaties , the second round of Strategic Arms Limitation Talks -LRB- SALT II -RRB- , and the return of the Panama Canal Zone to Panama . On the economic front he confronted persistent `` stagflation '' , a combination of high inflation , high unemployment and slow growth . The end of his presidential tenure was marked by the 1979 -- 1981 Iran hostage crisis , the 1979 energy crisis , the Three Mile Island nuclear accident , and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan . In response to the invasion , Carter ended d\u00e9tente , escalated the Cold War , and led the international boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow . In 1980 , Carter faced a primary challenge from Senator Ted Kennedy , but Carter won re-nomination at the 1980 Democratic National Convention . Carter lost the general election in an electoral landslide to Republican nominee Ronald Reagan . Polls of historians and political scientists usually rank Carter as a below average president .   In 2012 , he surpassed Herbert Hoover as the longest-retired president in U.S. history , and he is also the first president to mark the 40th anniversary of his inauguration . He set up the Carter Center in 1982 as his base for advancing human rights . He has also traveled extensively to conduct peace negotiations , observe elections , and advance disease prevention and eradication in developing nations . Additionally , Carter is a key figure in the Habitat for Humanity project and he has written several books about various topics . In reference to current political views , he has criticized some of Israel 's actions and policies in regards to the Israeli -- Palestinian conflict and has advocated for a two-state solution . He has vigorously opposed the Supreme Court 's decision in Citizens United v. FEC to strike down limits on campaign spending by corporations and unions , saying that the U.S. is `` no longer a functioning democracy '' and now has a system of `` unlimited political bribery . ''  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Andy Dwyer appears in a series.", "evidence": "Sir Andrew Maxwell `` Andy '' Dwyer KBE -LSB- \u02c8dwa\u026a.\u0259r -RSB- is a fictional character in the NBC comedy Parks and Recreation portrayed by Chris Pratt . Originally meant to be a temporary character , Andy was so likable that producers asked Pratt back as a series regular . He appears in the first season as Ann Perkins ' unemployed slacker boyfriend , then takes a job as a shoe-shiner at Pawnee City Hall in the second season . Andy eventually marries April Ludgate and is later promoted to Leslie Knope 's assistant . Pratt was credited as a guest star for the first season , despite appearing in every episode ; he is part of the main cast for every season after season one .   Andy is one of the few starring characters not to appear in every episode , as he was absent for a multi-episode arc in season six while Chris Pratt was filming Guardians of the Galaxy .  Parks and Recreation , informally known as Parks and Rec , is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope , a perky , mid-level bureaucrat in the Parks Department of Pawnee , a fictional town in Indiana . Created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur , the series aired on NBC from April 9 , 2009 to February 24 , 2015 , for 125 episodes , over seven seasons . It was written by the same writers and uses the same filming style as The Office , with the same implication of a documentary crew filming everyone . The ensemble and supporting cast feature Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins , Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford , Nick Offerman as Ron Swanson , Aubrey Plaza as April Ludgate , Paul Schneider as Mark Brendanawicz , Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer , Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt , Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger , Jim O'Heir as Garry `` Jerry '' Gergich , Retta as Donna Meagle , and Billy Eichner as Craig Middlebrooks .   The writers researched local California politics for the show , and consulted with urban planners and elected officials . Poehler 's character , Leslie Knope , underwent major changes after the first season , in response to audience feedback that she seemed unintelligent and `` ditzy '' . The writing staff incorporated current events into the episodes , such as a government shutdown in Pawnee inspired by the real-life global financial crisis of 2007 -- 2008 . Several guest stars , such as Jason Mantzoukas , Kathryn Hahn , Sam Elliott , Bill Murray , Louis C.K. , Paul Rudd , and Jon Hamm , have been featured in the show , and their characters often appear in multiple episodes .   Parks and Recreation was part of NBC 's `` Comedy Night Done Right '' programming during its Thursday night prime-time block . The series received mixed reviews during its first season , but , after a re-approach to its tone and format , the second and subsequent seasons were widely acclaimed . Throughout its run , Parks and Recreation received several awards and nominations , including two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Comedy Series , six Emmy nominations , a Golden Globe win for Poehler 's performance , and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Musical or Comedy . In TIMEs 2012 year-end lists issue , Parks and Recreation was named the number one television series of that year . In 2013 , after receiving four consecutive nominations in the category , Parks and Recreation won the Television Critics Association Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Extracorporeal shockwave therapy (ESWT) is unused in cardiology.", "evidence": "Extracorporeal shockwave therapy -LRB- ESWT -RRB- is a treatment used in physical therapy , orthopedics , urology and cardiology .  The shock waves are abrupt , high amplitude pulses of mechanical energy , similar to soundwaves , generated by an electromagnetic coil or a spark in water . Similar technology using focused higher energies is used to break up kidney and gallstones , and is termed lithotripsy . `` Extracorporeal '' means that the shockwaves are generated externally to the body and transmitted from a pad through the skin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Yusuke Murata was the illustrator of an American football manga.", "evidence": "is a Japanese manga artist from Miyagi . He is best known for illustrating the American football manga Eyeshield 21 , in collaboration with writer Riichiro Inagaki . Eyeshield 21 was serialized between July 2002 and June 2009 in Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump , and was later adapted into an anime television series . Murata 's other major work is his illustration of One 's One-Punch Man , serialized in the Weekly Young Jump online version .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a director named Fred Savage.", "evidence": "Frederick Aaron `` Fred '' Savage -LRB- born July 9 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and producer . He is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in the American television series The Wonder Years , which ran from 1988 to 1993 . He has earned several awards and nominations , such as People 's Choice Awards and Young Artist Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Where the Wild Things Are was put out in December.", "evidence": "Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze . Written by Jonze and Dave Eggers , it is adapted from Maurice Sendak 's 1963 children 's book of the same name . It combines live-action , performers in costumes , animatronics , and computer-generated imagery -LRB- CGI -RRB- . The film stars Max Records and features the voices of James Gandolfini , Paul Dano , Lauren Ambrose , Forest Whitaker , Catherine O'Hara , and Chris Cooper . The film centers on a lonely eight-year-old boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the `` Wild Things , '' who declare Max their king .   In the early 1980s , Disney considered adapting the film as a blend of traditionally animated characters and computer-generated environments , but development did not go past a test film to see how the animation hybridizing would result . In 2001 , Universal Studios acquired rights to the book 's adaptation and initially attempted to develop a computer-animated adaptation with Disney animator Eric Goldberg , but the CGI concept was replaced with a live-action one in 2003 , and Goldberg was dropped for Spike Jonze . The film was co-produced by actor Tom Hanks through his production company Playtone and made on an estimated budget of $ 100 million . Where the Wild Things Are was a joint production between Australia , Germany , and the United States , and was filmed principally in Melbourne .   The film was released on October 16 , 2009 , in the United States , on December 3 in Australia , and on December 17 in Germany . The film was met with mostly positive reviews and appeared on many year-end top ten lists . The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 2 , 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Faith Evans works solely as an actress.", "evidence": "Faith Ren\u00e9e Evans -LRB- born June 10 , 1973 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter . Born in Florida and raised in New Jersey , Evans relocated to Los Angeles in 1993 for a career in the music business . After working as a backing vocalist for Al B. Sure and Christopher Williams , she became the first female artist to contract with Sean `` Puff Daddy '' Combs ' Bad Boy Entertainment recording company in 1994 , for which she collaborated with several label mates such as Mary J. Blige and Carl Thomas and released three platinum-certified studio albums between 1995 and 2001 , including Faith -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Keep the Faith -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Faithfully -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .   In 2003 , she ended her relationship with the company to sign with Capitol Records . Her first album released on the label , The First Lady -LRB- 2005 -RRB- became her highest-charting album at the time , reaching the top of the US Top R&B / Hip-Hop Albums charts , while the holiday album A Faithful Christmas , released the same year , would become her last release before the company was bought in 2007 . Following a longer hiatus , Evans released her fifth album Something About Faith on the independent label Prolific/E1 Music in 2010 .   Other than her recording career , Evans is mostly known as the widow of New York rapper Christopher `` The Notorious B.I.G. '' Wallace , whom she married on August 4 , 1994 , a few weeks after meeting at a Bad Boy photo shoot . The turbulent marriage resulted in Evans ' involvement in the East Coast -- West Coast hip hop rivalry , dominating the rap music news at the time , and ended with Wallace 's murder in an unsolved drive-by shooting in Los Angeles on March 9 , 1997 . A 1997 tribute single featuring Puff Daddy and the band 112 , named `` I 'll Be Missing You '' , won Evans a Grammy Award in 1998 . Also an actress and writer , Evans made her screen debut in the 2000 musical drama Turn It Up by Robert Adetuyi . Her autobiography Keep the Faith : A Memoir was released by Grand Central Publishing in 2008 and won a 2009 African American Literary Award for the Best Biography/Memoir category .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Hot was by a pop singer from Britain.", "evidence": "Hot is the debut album by British pop singer Melanie B , released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin . The album was not as successful as her albums with the Spice Girls or that of other members solo albums released around this time . It peaked at number twenty-eight in United Kingdom and sold over 60,000 copies , receiving a silver certification . The album had four singles : `` I Want You Back '' , featuring Missy Elliott , `` Tell Me '' , `` Feels So Good '' and `` Lullaby '' . The first three singles reached top 5 in United Kingdom . The single `` Word Up '' , previously released on the soundtrack of the film Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me , was included on the Japanese version . The album received mixed to negative reviews from critics .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Natalie Portman was not in Star Wars.", "evidence": "Natalie Portman -LRB- born Neta-Lee Hershlag , \u05e0\u05d8\u05e2-\u05dc\u05d9 \u05d4\u05e8\u05e9\u05dc\u05d2 June 9 , 1981 -RRB- is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship . Her first role was in the 1994 action thriller L\u00e9on : The Professional , opposite Jean Reno . She was later cast as Padm\u00e9 Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy -LRB- released in 1999 , 2002 and 2005 -RRB- .   Born in Jerusalem to an Israeli father and American mother , Portman grew up in the eastern United States from the age of three . She studied dancing and acting in New York , and starred in Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace while still at high school on Long Island . In 1999 , Portman enrolled at Harvard University to study psychology , alongside her work as an actress ; she completed a bachelor 's degree in 2003 . During her studies she starred in a second Star Wars film and opened in New York City 's The Public Theater production of Anton Chekhov 's The Seagull in 2001 .   Portman won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Academy Award for starring in the 2004 drama Closer , appeared in Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith the following year , and won a Constellation Award for Best Female Performance and the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her starring role in the political thriller V for Vendetta -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . She played leading roles in the historical dramas Goya 's Ghosts -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and The Other Boleyn Girl -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and also appeared in Thor -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and its 2013 sequel . In 2010 , Portman starred in the psychological thriller film Black Swan . Her performance received widespread critical acclaim and she earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress , her second Golden Globe Award , the SAG Award , the BAFTA Award and the BFCA Award in 2011 . In 2016 , she portrayed First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy in the biographical drama Jackie . She was nominated for an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award and won the BFCA for Best Actress .   In May 2008 , Portman served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury . The same year she directed a segment of the collective film New York , I Love You . Her first feature film as a director , A Tale of Love and Darkness , was released in 2015 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Havoc went to the public on November 29, 2005.", "evidence": "Havoc is a 2005 crime drama film starring Anne Hathaway and Bijou Phillips , with Shiri Appleby , Freddy Rodriguez , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Michael Biehn , and Laura San Giacomo appearing in supporting roles . The film is about the lives of wealthy Los Angeles , California teenagers whose exposure to hip hop culture inspires them to imitate the gangster lifestyle . They run into trouble when they encounter a gang of drug dealers , discovering they are not as street-wise as they had thought .   Written by Jessica Kaplan and Stephen Gaghan and directed by Barbara Kopple , the film was shown at several film festivals and then went directly to DVD on November 29 , 2005 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gabriel Aubry and Halle Berry have a child.", "evidence": "Halle Maria Berry -LRB- born Maria Halle Berry ; August 14 , 1966 -RRB- is an American actress . She won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in the romantic drama Monster 's Ball -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . As of 2017 , she is the only black woman to have won a Best Actress Academy Award .   Berry was one of the highest paid actresses in Hollywood during the 2000s and has been involved in the production of several of the films in which she performed . She is also a Revlon spokesmodel . Before becoming an actress , she started modeling and entered several beauty contests , finishing as the 1st runner-up in the Miss USA Pageant and coming in 6th place in the Miss World Pageant in 1986 . Her breakthrough film role was in the romantic comedy Boomerang -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , alongside Eddie Murphy , which led to roles in films such as the comedy The Flintstones -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , the political comedy-drama Bulworth -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and the television film Introducing Dorothy Dandridge -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , for which she won the Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress , among many other awards .   In addition to her Academy Award win , Berry garnered high-profile roles in the 2000s such as Storm in the X-Men film series -LRB- beginning in 2000 -RRB- , the action crime thriller Swordfish -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , and the spy film Die Another Day -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , where she played Bond Girl Jinx . She then appeared in the X-Men sequels , X2 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and X-Men : The Last Stand -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . In the 2010s , she appeared in movies such as the science fiction film Cloud Atlas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , the crime thriller The Call -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and X-Men : Days of Future Past -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Berry was formerly married to baseball player David Justice , and singer-songwriter Eric Ben\u00e9t . She has a daughter by model Gabriel Aubry , and a son by actor Olivier Martinez .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sharon Tate was a model.", "evidence": "Sharon Marie Tate Polanski -LRB- January 24 , 1943 -- August 9 , 1969 -RRB- was an American actress and model . During the 1960s , she played small television roles before appearing in films and was regularly featured in fashion magazines as a model and cover girl . After receiving positive reviews for her comedic and dramatic acting performances , Tate was hailed as one of Hollywood 's most promising newcomers .   She made her film debut in 1966 with the occult-themed Eye of the Devil . Her most remembered performance was as Jennifer North in the 1967 cult classic film , Valley of the Dolls , earning her a Golden Globe Award nomination . Tate 's last completed film , 12 +1 was released posthumously in 1969 , with the actress receiving top billing .   In January 20 , 1968 , Tate married Roman Polanski , her director and co-star in 1967 's The Fearless Vampire Killers . On August 9 , 1969 , Tate , along with four others , was murdered by members of the Manson Family in the home she shared with Polanski . At the time of her death , she was eight-and-a-half months pregnant with the couple 's son .   A decade after Tate 's murder , the actress ' mother , Doris Tate , in response to the growing cult status of the killers and the possibility of them being granted parole , organized a public campaign that resulted in amendments to the California criminal law . Tate 's mother went on to say that the law would `` help transform Sharon 's legacy from murder victim to a symbol of victims ' rights '' . A book by Tate 's sister , Debra Tate , titled Sharon Tate : Recollection , was released in 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nick Kroll has a leading role in the comedy Get Him to the Greek.", "evidence": "Nicholas `` Nick '' Kroll -LRB- born June 5 , 1978 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , writer , and producer . He is best known for his role as Rodney Ruxin in the FX/FXX comedy series The League , and for creating and starring in the Comedy Central series Kroll Show . He has had supporting roles in films such as I Love You , Man , Date Night , Get Him to the Greek , Dinner for Shmucks , and A Good Old Fashioned Orgy and more prominent roles in films such as Adult Beginners , Joshy , My Blind Brother , Sausage Party , and Loving .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Inhumans are DC characters.", "evidence": "The Inhumans are a fictional race of superhumans appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .   The comic book series has usually focused more specifically on the adventures of the Inhuman Royal Family , and many people associate the name `` Inhumans '' with this particular team of super-powered characters .   The Inhumans first appeared in Fantastic Four # 45 -LRB- December 1965 -RRB- , though members Medusa and Gorgon appeared in earlier issues of that series -LRB- # 36 and # 44 , respectively -RRB- . Their home , the city of Attilan , was first mentioned years earlier , in a Tuk the Caveboy story written and drawn by Jack Kirby that appeared in Captain America Comics # 1 -LRB- March 1941 -RRB- . The city was described as the home of a race that was evolutionarily advanced when human beings were still in the Stone Age .   The Inhuman Royal Family had been adapted to numerous Marvel animated series and video games over the years . Inhuman characters were introduced in live-action in the second season of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , while the Inhuman Royal Family will be featured in the TV series Inhumans , which is scheduled to premiere in 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Cloud Atlas has been described as \"a sort of pointillist mosaic.\"", "evidence": "Cloud Atlas is a 2012 German-American science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer . Adapted from the 2004 novel of the same name by David Mitchell , the film has multiple plots set across six different eras , which Mitchell described as `` a sort of pointillist mosaic . '' The official synopsis describes it as `` an exploration of how the actions of individual lives impact one another in the past , present and future , as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero , and an act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution . '' Tom Hanks , Halle Berry , and Jim Broadbent lead an ensemble cast .   The film was produced by Grant Hill , Stefan Arndt , the Wachowskis , and Tykwer . During four years of development , the project met difficulties securing financial support ; it was eventually produced with a $ 102 million budget provided by independent sources , making it one of the most expensive independent films of all time . Production began in September 2011 at Studio Babelsberg in Potsdam-Babelsberg , Germany .   It premiered on 8 September 2012 at the 37th Toronto International Film Festival and was released on 26 October 2012 in conventional and IMAX cinemas . It polarized critics , and has been included on various Best Film and Worst Film lists . It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score for Tykwer -LRB- who co-scored the film -RRB- , Johnny Klimek , and Reinhold Heil . It received several nominations at the Saturn Awards including Best Science Fiction Film , winning for Best Editing and Best Make-up .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Thirteen is based on Nikki Reed's death at age 12 and 13.", "evidence": "Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 . It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed . Nikki Reed herself co-stars in the role of Evie Zamora . The script was written in six days .   The film caused controversy upon its release , because it dealt with topics like drugs such as inhalants , marijuana , and alcohol , underage sexual behavior , and self-harm . The film earned Holly Hunter an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Golden Globe nominations for Hunter and Evan Rachel Wood for Best Supporting Actress and Best Actress in a Drama , respectively .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Caitlyn Jenner did not change her gender.", "evidence": "Caitlyn Marie Jenner -LRB- born October 28 , 1949 -RRB- , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete . Jenner was a college football player for the Graceland Yellowjackets before incurring a knee injury that required surgery . Coach L. D. Weldon , who had coached Olympic decathlete Jack Parker , convinced Jenner to try the decathlon . After intense training , Jenner won the 1976 Olympics decathlon event at the Montreal Olympic Games , gaining fame as `` an all-American hero '' . Jenner set a third successive world record while winning the Olympics . The winner of the Olympic decathlon is traditionally given the unofficial title of `` world 's greatest athlete '' . With that stature , Jenner subsequently established a career in television , film , writing , auto racing , business and as a Playgirl cover model .   Jenner has six children from marriages to wives Chrystie Crownover , Linda Thompson , and Kris Jenner . Since 2007 , Jenner has appeared on the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians with Kris , their daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner , and step-children Kourtney , Kim , Khlo\u00e9 , and Rob Kardashian . Previously identifying publicly as male , Jenner revealed her identity as a trans woman in April 2015 , publicly announcing her name change from Bruce to Caitlyn in a July 2015 Vanity Fair cover story . Her name and gender change became official on September 25 , 2015 . She has been called the most famous openly transgender woman in the world . From 2015 to 2016 , Jenner starred in the reality television series I Am Cait , which focused on her gender transition .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "James Taylor released a compilation album.", "evidence": "James Vernon Taylor -LRB- born March 12 , 1948 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist . A five-time Grammy Award winner , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000 . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 100 million records worldwide .   Taylor achieved his breakthrough in 1970 with the No. 3 single `` Fire and Rain '' and had his first No. 1 hit the following year with `` You 've Got a Friend '' , a recording of Carole King 's classic song . His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies . Following his 1977 album , JT , he has retained a large audience over the decades . Every album that he released from 1977 to 2007 sold over a million copies . His chart performance had a resurgence during the late 1990s and 2000s , when he recorded some of his most-awarded work -LRB- including Hourglass , October Road , and Covers -RRB- . He achieved his first number one album in the US in 2015 with his recording Before This World .   He is notable for his popular covers of other peoples ' songs , such as `` How Sweet It Is -LRB- To Be Loved By You -RRB- '' and the aforementioned `` You 've Got A Friend '' , as well as originals such as `` Fire and Rain '' .  Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American singer-songwriter James Taylor . Released on November 1 , 1976 . To this day , it is the best-selling album of his career .   The album took place in the context of Taylor 's end of his recording contract with Warner Brothers . It features redone versions of `` Carolina in My Mind '' and `` Something in the Way She Moves '' , both of which had been previously included on Taylor 's self-titled debut album in 1968 . It also includes previously unavailable live version of `` Steamroller '' .   The album did not rise higher than # 23 on the Billboard albums chart on its original release . However it became a steady seller for many years , and Greatest Hits has sold over 11,000,000 copies certifying it as a Platinum album eleven times over , and a diamond album once -LRB- for 10 million copies -RRB- .   In August 2012 , the album re-entered the Billboard albums chart at # 15 , which gave the album a new peak .  Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American singer-songwriter James Taylor . Released on November 1 , 1976 . To this day , it is the best-selling album of his career .   The album took place in the context of Taylor 's end of his recording contract with Warner Brothers . It features redone versions of `` Carolina in My Mind '' and `` Something in the Way She Moves '' , both of which had been previously included on Taylor 's self-titled debut album in 1968 . It also includes previously unavailable live version of `` Steamroller '' .   The album did not rise higher than # 23 on the Billboard albums chart on its original release . However it became a steady seller for many years , and Greatest Hits has sold over 11,000,000 copies certifying it as a Platinum album eleven times over , and a diamond album once -LRB- for 10 million copies -RRB- .   In August 2012 , the album re-entered the Billboard albums chart at # 15 , which gave the album a new peak .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Slovakia joined in Eurozone in November 2009.", "evidence": "Slovakia -LRB- listen -RRB- , is a landlocked country in Central Europe . It is bordered by the Czech Republic and Austria to the west , Poland to the north , Ukraine to the east and Hungary to the south . Slovakia 's territory spans about 49000 km2 and is mostly mountainous . The population is over 5 million and comprises mostly ethnic Slovaks . The capital and largest city is Bratislava . The official language is Slovak .   The Slavs arrived in the territory of present-day Slovakia in the 5th and 6th centuries . In the 7th century , they played a significant role in the creation of Samo 's Empire and in the 9th century established the Principality of Nitra . In the 10th century , the territory was integrated into the Kingdom of Hungary , which itself became part of the Ottoman Empire and the Austro-Hungarian Empire . After World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , the Slovaks and Czechs established Czechoslovakia . A separate -LRB- First -RRB- Slovak Republic -LRB- 1939 -- 1945 -RRB- existed in World War II as a client state of Nazi Germany . In 1945 , Czechoslovakia was re-established under Communist rule as a Soviet satellite . In 1989 the Velvet Revolution ended authoritarian Communist rule in Czechoslovakia . Slovakia became an independent state on 1 January 1993 after the peaceful dissolution of Czechoslovakia , sometimes known as the Velvet Divorce .   Slovakia is a high-income advanced economy with a very high Human Development Index , a very high standard of living and performs favourably in measurements of civil liberties , press freedom , internet freedom , democratic governance and peacefulness . The country maintains a combination of market economy with a comprehensive social security system . Citizens of Slovakia are provided with universal health care , free education and one of the longest paid maternity leave in the OECD . The country joined the European Union in 2004 and the Eurozone on 1 January 2009 . Slovakia is also a member of the Schengen Area , NATO , the United Nations , the OECD , the WTO , CERN , the OSCE , the Council of Europe and the Visegr\u00e1d Group . The Slovak economy is one of the fastest growing economies in Europe and 3rd fastest in eurozone . Its legal tender , the Euro , is the world 's 2nd most traded currency . Although regional income inequality is high , 90 % of citizens own their homes . In 2016 , Slovak citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 165 countries and territories , ranking the Slovak passport 11th in the world . Slovakia is the world 's largest per-capita car producer with a total of 1,040,000 cars manufactured in the country in 2016 alone and the 7th largest car producer in the European Union . The car industry represents 43 % of Slovakia 's industrial output , and a quarter of its exports .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Little Boy was dropped by Enola Gay.", "evidence": "`` Little Boy '' was the codename for the atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress Enola Gay , piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets , Jr. , commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces . It was the first atomic bomb to be used in warfare . The Hiroshima bombing was the second artificial nuclear explosion in history , after the Trinity test , and the first uranium-based detonation . It exploded with an energy of approximately 15 ktonTNT . The bomb caused significant destruction to the city of Hiroshima and its occupants .   Little Boy was developed by Lieutenant Commander Francis Birch 's group of Captain William S. Parsons 's Ordnance -LRB- O -RRB- Division at the Manhattan Project 's Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II . Parsons flew on the Hiroshima mission as weaponeer . The Little Boy was a development of the unsuccessful Thin Man nuclear bomb . Like Thin Man , it was a gun-type fission weapon , but derived its explosive power from the nuclear fission of uranium-235 . This was accomplished by shooting a hollow cylinder of enriched uranium -LRB- the `` bullet '' -RRB- onto a solid cylinder of the same material -LRB- the `` target '' -RRB- by means of a charge of nitrocellulose propellant powder . It contained 64 kg of enriched uranium , of which less than a kilogram underwent nuclear fission . Its components were fabricated at three different plants so that no one would have a copy of the complete design .   After the war ended , it was not expected that the inefficient Little Boy design would ever again be required , and many plans and diagrams were destroyed , but by mid-1946 the Hanford Site reactors were suffering badly from the Wigner effect , so six Little Boy assemblies were produced at Sandia Base . The Navy Bureau of Ordnance built another 25 Little Boy assemblies in 1947 for use by the Lockheed P2V Neptune nuclear strike aircraft -LRB- which could be launched from but not land on the Midway-class aircraft carriers -RRB- . All the Little Boy units were withdrawn from service by the end of January 1951 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Taylor Schilling in the main cast of the series Orange is the New Black.", "evidence": "Taylor Schilling -LRB- born July 27 , 1984 -RRB- is an American actress . She is known for her role as Piper Chapman on the Netflix original comedy-drama series Orange Is the New Black -LRB- 2013 -- present -RRB- , for which she received a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series and two Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Actress -- Television Series Musical or Comedy and Best Actress -- Television Series Drama . She made her film debut in the 2007 drama Dark Matter . Schilling also starred in the short-lived NBC medical drama Mercy -LRB- 2009 -- 10 -RRB- . Her other films include Atlas Shrugged : Part I -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , the romantic drama The Lucky One -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and the comedy The Overnight -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Curse, Inc. is used by a game.", "evidence": "Curse , Inc. is an online game portal and network of gaming websites founded by Hubert Thieblot in 2006 . The company is headquartered in Huntsville , Alabama , and has offices in San Francisco , New York City , Los Angeles , Brighton , UK , and Berlin , Germany . Claiming to be the `` number one resource for core online gamers , '' Quantcast estimated monthly unique traffic in 2013 in excess of 30 million visitors . Curse has several primary functions , the most notable of which include an add-on and modification service called Curse Client for such games as World of Warcraft , Rift , The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim , Terraria , Kerbal Space Program , and Minecraft , a collection of over 1000 gaming wikis known as Gamepedia , and a Voice over IP -LRB- VoIP -RRB- service called Curse Voice .   Curse formerly sponsored a professional team , known collectively as Team Curse , that competed in League of Legends and Call of Duty '' , which in addition to various high-profile wins have garnered sponsorship from companies such as Nissan , Alienware , and Cooler Master . In January 2015 Team Curse merged with Team Liquid under the name of the latter organization .   While Curse initially offered modifications and add-ons alone through their Curse-Beta website , offerings have expanded to include Wiki services , the Curse client , CurseForge , CurseVoice , Union for Gamers , BukkitDev , and in-house content produced for YouTube .   On August 16 , 2016 , Curse announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Amazon.com Inc. via its subsidiary Twitch Interactive for an undisclosed amount .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Huginn is a raven that often travels with Odin.", "evidence": "In Germanic mythology , Odin -LRB- from Old Norse \u00d3\u00f0inn -RRB- is a widely revered god . In Norse mythology , from which stems most of the information about the god , Odin is associated with healing , death , royalty , the gallows , knowledge , battle , sorcery , poetry , frenzy , and the runic alphabet , and is the husband of the goddess Frigg . In wider Germanic mythology and paganism , Odin was known in Old English as W\u014dden , in Old Saxon as W\u014ddan , and in Old High German as Wuotan or W\u014dtan , all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym w\u014d\u0111anaz .   Odin is a prominently mentioned god throughout the recorded history of the Germanic peoples , from the Roman occupation of regions of Germania through the tribal expansions of the Migration Period and the Viking Age . In the modern period , Odin continued to be acknowledged in the rural folklore of Germanic Europe . References to Odin appear in place names throughout regions historically inhabited by the ancient Germanic peoples , and the day of the week Wednesday bears his name in many Germanic languages , including English .   In Anglo-Saxon England , Odin held a particular place as a euhemerized ancestral figure among royalty , and he is frequently referred to as a founding figure among various other Germanic peoples , including the Langobards . Forms of his name appear frequently throughout the Germanic record , though narratives regarding Odin are mainly found in Old Norse works recorded in Iceland , primarily around the 13th century . These texts make up the bulk of modern understanding of Norse mythology .   In Old Norse texts , Odin is depicted as one-eyed and long-bearded , frequently wielding a spear named Gungnir , and wearing a cloak and a broad hat . He is often accompanied by his animal companions -- the wolves Geri and Freki and the ravens Huginn and Muninn , who bring him information from all over Midgard -- and rides the flying , eight-legged steed Sleipnir across the sky and into the underworld . Odin is attested as having many sons , most famously the gods Thor -LRB- with J\u00f6r\u00f0 -RRB- and Baldr -LRB- with Frigg -RRB- , and is known by hundreds of names . In these texts , he frequently seeks greater knowledge , at times in disguise -LRB- most famously by obtaining the Mead of Poetry -RRB- , makes wagers with his wife Frigg over the outcome of exploits , and takes part in both the creation of the world by way of slaying the primordial being Ymir and the gift of life to the first two humans Ask and Embla . Odin has a particular association with Yule , and mankind 's knowledge of both the runes and poetry is also attributed to him .   In Old Norse texts , Odin is given primacy over female beings associated with the battlefield -- the valkyries -- and oversees Valhalla , where he receives half of those who die in battle , the einherjar . The other half are chosen by the goddess Freyja for her afterlife location , F\u00f3lkvangr . Odin consults the disembodied , herb-embalmed head of the wise being M\u00edmir for advice , and during the foretold events of Ragnar\u00f6k , Odin is told to lead the einherjar into battle before being consumed by the monstrous wolf Fenrir . In later folklore , Odin appears as a leader of the Wild Hunt , a ghostly procession of the dead through the winter sky . He has also been associated with charms and other forms of magic , particularly in Old English and Old Norse texts .   Odin has been a frequent subject of study in Germanic studies , and numerous theories have been put forward regarding his development . Some of these focus on Odin 's particular relation to other figures ; for example , the fact that Freyja 's husband \u00d3\u00f0r appears to be something of an etymological doublet of the god , whereas Odin 's wife Frigg is in many ways similar to Freyja , and that Odin has a particular relation to the figure of Loki . Other approaches focus on Odin 's place in the historical record , a frequent question being whether the figure of Odin derives from Proto-Indo-European religion , or whether he developed later in Germanic society . In the modern period , Odin has inspired numerous works of poetry , music , and other forms of media . He is venerated in most forms of the new religious movement Heathenry , together with other gods venerated by the ancient Germanic peoples ; some branches focus particularly on him .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Iain Glen is only a film actor.", "evidence": "Iain Glen -LRB- born 24 June 1961 -RRB- is a Scottish film , television , and stage actor . Glen is best known for his roles as Dr. Alexander Isaacs / Tyrant in the Resident Evil films and for portraying Ser Jorah Mormont on Game of Thrones . Other notable roles include John Hanning Speke in Mountains of the Moon , Sir Richard Carlisle in Downton Abbey , the title role in Jack Taylor and Jarrod Slade in Cleverman .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Billboard charts included Just Dance.", "evidence": "`` Just Dance '' is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga . The song was produced by RedOne and co-written by RedOne , Gaga and Akon , while also featuring labelmate Colby O'Donis . It was released in 2008 as the lead single from Gaga 's debut studio album , The Fame . The song was written by Gaga in ten minutes as `` a happy record '' . `` Just Dance '' also has influences of R&B and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .   The song received positive reviews from music critics , who complimented its club anthem-like nature and the synthpop associated with it . The song topped the charts in the United States , Australia , Canada , the Republic of Ireland , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries . In the United States , `` Just Dance '' was a sleeper hit , spending almost five months on the Billboard Hot 100 before finally reaching the summit of the chart in January 2009 , after being released in April 2008 . The single is among the best-selling singles of all time , having sold over 10 million copies .   The music video of the song portrayed Lady Gaga appearing in a party where she plays the song , prompting party-goers to start dancing in enjoyment . Gaga compared her experience of shooting the video with being on a Martin Scorsese set . `` Just Dance '' was performed by Gaga in a number of live appearances including all of her concert tours . In 2009 , the song received a Grammy nomination in the Best Dance Recording category but lost to electronic duo Daft Punk for their song `` Harder , Better , Faster , Stronger -LRB- Alive 2007 -RRB- '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mickey Rooney was in a film based on the novel The Black Stallion by Walter Farley.", "evidence": "Mickey Rooney -LRB- born Joseph Yule , Jr. ; September 23 , 1920 -- April 6 , 2014 -RRB- was an American actor , vaudevillian , producer , and radio personality . In a career spanning nine decades and continuing until shortly before his death , he appeared in more than 300 films and was one of the last surviving stars of the silent film era .   At the height of a career that was marked by precipitous declines and raging comebacks , Rooney performed the role of Andy Hardy in a series of 15 films in the 1930s and 1940s that epitomized American family values . A versatile performer , he became a celebrated character actor later in his career . Laurence Olivier once said he considered Rooney `` the best there has ever been . '' Clarence Brown , who directed him in two of his earliest dramatic roles , National Velvet and The Human Comedy , said he was `` the closest thing to a genius I ever worked with . ''   Rooney first performed in vaudeville as a child and made his film debut at the age of six . At 14 he played Puck in the play and later the 1935 film adaptation of A Midsummer Night 's Dream . Critic David Thomson hailed his performance as `` one of cinema 's most arresting pieces of magic '' . In 1938 , he co-starred in Boys Town . At nineteen he was the first teenager to be nominated for an Oscar for his leading role in Babes in Arms , and he was awarded a special Academy Juvenile Award in 1939 . At the peak of his career between the ages of 15 and 25 , he made forty-three films , which made him one of MGM 's most consistently successful actors and a favorite of studio head Louis B. Mayer .   Rooney was the top box office attraction from 1939 to 1941 , and one of the best-paid actors of that era , but his career never rose to such heights again . Drafted into the Army during World War II , he served nearly two years entertaining over two million troops on stage and radio and was awarded a Bronze Star for performing in combat zones . Returning from the war in 1945 , he was too old for juvenile roles but too short to be an adult movie star , and was unable to get as many starring roles . Nevertheless , Rooney 's popularity was renewed with well-received supporting roles in films such as Requiem for a Heavyweight -LRB- 1962 -RRB- , It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , and The Black Stallion -LRB- 1979 -RRB- . In the early 1980s , he returned to Broadway in Sugar Babies and again became a celebrated star . Rooney made hundreds of appearances on TV , including dramas , variety programs , and talk shows , and won an Emmy in 1964 , with another Emmy plus a Golden Globe for his role in Bill -LRB- 1981 -RRB- .   At his death , Vanity Fair called him `` the original Hollywood train wreck . '' He struggled with alcohol and pill addiction and married eight times , the first time to Ava Gardner . Despite earning millions during his career , he had to file for bankruptcy in 1962 due to mismanagement of his finances . Shortly before his death in 2014 at age 93 , he alleged mistreatment by some family members and testified before Congress about what he alleged was physical abuse and exploitation by family members . By the end of his life , his millions in earnings had dwindled to an estate that was valued at only $ 18,000 . He died owing medical bills and back taxes , and contributions were solicited from the public .  The Black Stallion is a 1979 American film based on the 1941 classic children 's novel The Black Stallion by Walter Farley . It tells the story of Alec Ramsey , who is shipwrecked on a deserted island with a wild Arabian stallion whom he befriends . After being rescued , they are set on entering a race challenging two champion horses .   The film is adapted by Melissa Mathison , Jeanne Rosenberg and William D. Wittliff . It is directed by Carroll Ballard . The movie stars Kelly Reno , Mickey Rooney , Teri Garr , Hoyt Axton , and the Arabian horse Cass Ole . The film features music by Carmine Coppola , the father of Hollywood producer Francis Ford Coppola , who was the executive producer of the film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Louise Simonson is from America.", "evidence": "Louise Simonson -LRB- born Mary Louise Alexander ; born September 26 , 1946 -RRB- is an American comic book writer and editor . She is best known for her work on comic book titles such as Power Pack , X-Factor , New Mutants , Superman : The Man of Steel , and Steel . She is often referred to by the nickname `` Weezie '' .   In recognition of her contributions to comics , Comics Alliance listed Simonson as one of twelve women cartoonists deserving of lifetime achievement recognition .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nelson Mandela was President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999.", "evidence": "Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela -LRB- -LSB- m\u00e6n\u02c8d\u025bl\u0259 -RSB- 18 July 1918 -- 5 December 2013 -RRB- was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 . He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election . His government focused on dismantling the legacy of apartheid by tackling institutionalised racism and fostering racial reconciliation . Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress -LRB- ANC -RRB- party from 1991 to 1997 .   A Xhosa , Mandela was born in Mvezo to the Thembu royal family . He studied law at the University of Fort Hare and the University of the Witwatersrand before working as a lawyer in Johannesburg . There he became involved in anti-colonial and African nationalist politics , joining the ANC in 1943 and co-founding its Youth League in 1944 . After the National Party 's white-only government established apartheid -- a system of racial segregation that privileged whites -- he and the ANC committed themselves to its overthrow . Mandela was appointed President of the ANC 's Transvaal branch , rising to prominence for his involvement in the 1952 Defiance Campaign and the 1955 Congress of the People . He was repeatedly arrested for seditious activities and was unsuccessfully prosecuted in the 1956 Treason Trial . Influenced by Marxism , he secretly joined the banned South African Communist Party -LRB- SACP -RRB- . Although initially committed to non-violent protest , in association with the SACP he co-founded the militant Umkhonto we Sizwe in 1961 and led a sabotage campaign against the government . In 1962 , he was arrested for conspiring to overthrow the state and sentenced to life imprisonment in the Rivonia Trial .   Mandela served 27 years in prison , initially on Robben Island , and later in Pollsmoor Prison and Victor Verster Prison . Amid growing domestic and international pressure , and with fears of a racial civil war , President F. W. de Klerk released him in 1990 . Mandela and de Klerk negotiated an end to apartheid and organised the 1994 multiracial general election in which Mandela led the ANC to victory and became President . Leading a broad coalition government which promulgated a new constitution , Mandela emphasised reconciliation between the country 's racial groups and created the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to investigate past human rights abuses . Economically , Mandela 's administration retained its predecessor 's liberal framework despite his own socialist beliefs , also introducing measures to encourage land reform , combat poverty , and expand healthcare services . Internationally , he acted as mediator in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial and served as Secretary-General of the Non-Aligned Movement from 1998 to 1999 . He declined a second presidential term and in 1999 was succeeded by his deputy , Thabo Mbeki . Mandela became an elder statesman and focused on combating poverty and HIV/AIDS through the charitable Nelson Mandela Foundation .   Mandela was a controversial figure for much of his life . Although critics on the right denounced him as a communist terrorist and those on the radical left deemed him too eager to negotiate and reconcile with apartheid 's supporters , he gained international acclaim for his activism . Widely regarded as an icon of democracy and social justice , he received more than 250 honours -- including the Nobel Peace Prize -- and became the subject of a cult of personality . He is held in deep respect within South Africa , where he is often referred to by his Xhosa clan name , Madiba , and described as the `` Father of the Nation '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Janet Varney is a German.", "evidence": "Janet Maureen Varney -LRB- born February 16 , 1976 -RRB- is an American actress and comedian best known for hosting TBS 's Dinner and a Movie and as the voice of Korra in The Legend of Korra .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Lust for Life is based on a 1934 novel.", "evidence": "Lust for Life -LRB- 1956 -RRB- is a MGM -LRB- Metrocolor -RRB- biographical film about the life of the Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Irving Stone and adapted by Norman Corwin .   It was directed by Vincente Minnelli and produced by John Houseman . The film stars Kirk Douglas as Van Gogh , James Donald as his brother Theo , Pamela Brown , Everett Sloane and Anthony Quinn , who won an Oscar for his performance as Van Gogh 's fast friend and rival Paul Gauguin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Alex Rodriguez has had a 22-year career.", "evidence": "Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez -LRB- born July 27 , 1975 -RRB- , nicknamed `` A-Rod '' , is a Dominican-American former professional baseball shortstop and third baseman . He played 22 seasons in Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- for the Seattle Mariners , Texas Rangers , and New York Yankees . Rodriguez was one of the sport 's most highly touted prospects and is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time . During his 22-year career , Rodriguez has amassed a .297 batting average , 696 home runs , over 2,000 runs batted in -LRB- RBI -RRB- , over 2,000 runs scored , and over 3,000 hits . He is a 14-time All-Star and has won three American League -LRB- AL -RRB- Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- Awards , ten Silver Slugger Awards , and two Gold Glove Awards . Rodr\u00edguez is the career record holder for grand slams with 25 . However , he has led a highly controversial career due to signing two of the most lucrative sports contracts in history while incurring criticism from the media for his behavior and use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs .   The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft , and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18 . In 1996 , he became the Mariners ' starting shortstop and finished second in voting for the AL MVP Award . Rodriguez 's combination of power , speed , and defense made him a cornerstone of the franchise , but he left the team via free agency after the 2000 season to join the Rangers . The 10-year , $ 252 million contract he signed was the richest in baseball history . He played at a high level in his three years with Texas , highlighted by his first AL MVP Award win in 2003 , but the team failed to make the playoffs during his tenure . Prior to the 2004 season , Rodriguez was traded to the Yankees , for whom he converted to a third baseman due to incumbent shortstop Derek Jeter . In his first four seasons with New York , he was twice more named AL MVP . After opting out of his contract following the 2007 season , Rodriguez signed a new 10-year , $ 275 million deal with the Yankees , extending his record for the sport 's most lucrative contract . He became the youngest player ever to hit 500 home runs , reaching the milestone in 2007 . He won his first World Series in 2009 , which was the first year of the new Yankee Stadium . The following year , he became the career leader in home runs by a player of Hispanic descent . In recent years , Rodriguez has been hampered by hip and knee injuries , which have caused him to exclusively become a designated hitter . He played his final game as a Yankee on August 12 , 2016 .   In February 2009 , after previously denying use of performance-enhancing drugs , including during a 2007 interview with Katie Couric on 60 Minutes , Rodriguez admitted to using steroids , saying he used them from 2001 to 2003 when playing for Rangers due to `` an enormous amount of pressure '' to perform . While recovering from a hip injury in 2013 , Rodriguez made headlines by feuding with team management over his rehabilitation and for having allegedly obtained performance-enhancing drugs as part of the Biogenesis baseball scandal . In August 2013 , MLB suspended him 211 games for his involvement in the scandal , but he was allowed to play while appealing the punishment . Had the original suspension been upheld , it would have been the longest non-lifetime suspension in Major League Baseball history . After an arbitration hearing , the suspension was reduced to 162 games , keeping him off the field for the entire 2014 season .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lee Min-ho is a German singer.", "evidence": "Lee Min-ho -LRB- , born June 22 , 1987 -RRB- is a South Korean actor and singer . He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009 . The role won him a Best New Actor award at the 45th Baeksang Arts Awards . He is noted for his leading roles in City Hunter -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , The Heirs -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and The Legend of the Blue Sea -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . The success of Lee 's television dramas throughout Asia established him as a top Hallyu star . Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Destiny's criticism centered mostly around the game's storyline and post-campaign content.", "evidence": "Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and published by Activision . It was released worldwide on September 9 , 2014 , for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One consoles . Destiny marked Bungie 's first new console franchise since the Halo series , and it is the first game in a ten-year agreement between Bungie and Activision . Set in a `` mythic science fiction '' world , the game features a multiplayer `` shared-world '' environment with elements of role-playing games . Activities in Destiny are divided among player versus environment -LRB- PvE -RRB- and player versus player -LRB- PvP -RRB- game types . In addition to normal story missions , PvE features three-player `` strikes '' and six-player raids . A free roam patrol mode is also available for each planet and features public events . PvP features objective-based modes , as well as traditional deathmatch game modes .   Players take on the role of a Guardian , protectors of Earth 's last safe city as they wield a power called Light to protect the City from different alien races . Guardians are tasked with reviving a celestial being called the Traveler , while journeying to different planets to investigate and destroy the alien threats before humanity is completely wiped out . Bungie released four expansion packs , furthering the story , and adding new content , missions , and new PvP modes . Year One of Destiny featured two small expansions , The Dark Below in December 2014 and House of Wolves in May 2015 . A third , larger expansion , The Taken King , was released in September 2015 and marked the beginning of Year Two , changing much of the core gameplay . In December 2015 , Destiny shifted to an event-based model , featuring more limited-time events . A new , large expansion called Rise of Iron was released in September 2016 , beginning Year Three . Rise of Iron was only released for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One ; PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 clients subsequently stopped receiving updates . A full sequel , Destiny 2 , is scheduled for September 2017 .   Upon its release , Destiny received mixed to positive reviews with criticism centered mostly around the game 's storyline and post-campaign content . The game was praised for maintaining lineage from the Halo franchise , particularly in regards to its competitive experiences . On day one of its release , it sold over US$ 500 million at retail , making it the biggest new franchise launch of all time . It was GamesRadar 's 2014 Game of the Year and it received the BAFTA Award for Best Game at the 2014 British Academy Video Games Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "No artists lived in Amsterdam.", "evidence": "Amsterdam -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u00e6mst\u0259rd\u00e6m , _ \u02cc\u00e6mst\u0259r\u02c8d\u00e6m -RSB- -LSB- \u0251mst\u0259r\u02c8d\u0251m -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous municipality of the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Its status as the capital is mandated by the Constitution of the Netherlands , although it is not the seat of the government , which is The Hague . Amsterdam has a population of 851,373 within the city proper , 1,351,587 in the urban area , and 2,410,960 in the Amsterdam metropolitan area . The city is located in the province of North Holland in the west of the country . The metropolitan area comprises much of the northern part of the Randstad , one of the larger conurbations in Europe , with a population of approximately 7 million .   Amsterdam 's name derives from Amstelredamme , indicative of the city 's origin around a dam in the river Amstel . Originating as a small fishing village in the late 12th century , Amsterdam became one of the most important ports in the world during the Dutch Golden Age -LRB- 17th century -RRB- , a result of its innovative developments in trade . During that time , the city was the leading centre for finance and diamonds . In the 19th and 20th centuries the city expanded , and many new neighborhoods and suburbs were planned and built . The 17th-century canals of Amsterdam and the 19 -- 20th century Defence Line of Amsterdam are on the UNESCO World Heritage List . Since the annexation of municipality Sloten in 1921 by the municipality of Amsterdam , the oldest historic part of the city lies in Sloten -LRB- 9th century -RRB- .   As the commercial capital of the Netherlands and one of the top financial centres in Europe , Amsterdam is considered an alpha world city by the Globalization and World Cities -LRB- GaWC -RRB- study group . The city is also the cultural capital of the Netherlands . Many large Dutch institutions have their headquarters there , and seven of the world 's 500 largest companies , including Philips and ING , are based in the city . In 2012 , Amsterdam was ranked the second best city to live in by the Economist Intelligence Unit -LRB- EIU -RRB- and 12th globally on quality of living for environment and infrastructure by Mercer . The city was ranked 3rd in innovation by Australian innovation agency 2thinknow in their Innovation Cities Index 2009 . The Amsterdam seaport to this day remains the second in the country , and the fifth largest seaport in Europe .   Famous Amsterdam residents include the diarist Anne Frank , artists Rembrandt van Rijn and Vincent van Gogh , and philosopher Baruch Spinoza .   The Amsterdam Stock Exchange , the oldest stock exchange in the world , is located in the city center . Amsterdam 's main attractions , including its historic canals , the Rijksmuseum , the Van Gogh Museum , Stedelijk Museum , Hermitage Amsterdam , Anne Frank House , Amsterdam Museum , its red-light district , and its many cannabis coffee shops draw more than 5 million international visitors annually .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean.", "evidence": "Australia -LRB- -LSB- \u0259\u02c8stre\u026ali\u0259 -RSB- , -LSB- \u0252 - -RSB- , -LSB- - lj\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Commonwealth of Australia , is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent , the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands . It is the world 's sixth-largest country by total area . The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea , Indonesia and East Timor to the north ; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east ; and New Zealand to the south-east . Australia 's capital is Canberra , and its largest urban area is Sydney .   For about 50,000 years before the first British settlement in the late 18th century , Australia was inhabited by indigenous Australians ,  who spoke languages classifiable into roughly 250 groups . After the European discovery of the continent by Dutch explorers in 1606 , Australia 's eastern half was claimed by Great Britain in 1770 and initially settled through penal transportation to the colony of New South Wales from 26 January 1788 . The population grew steadily in subsequent decades , and by the 1850s most of the continent had been explored and an additional five self-governing crown colonies established . On 1 January 1901 , the six colonies federated , forming the Commonwealth of Australia . Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system that functions as a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy comprising six states and several territories . The population of 24 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard .   Australia has the world 's 13th-largest economy and ninth-highest per capita income -LRB- IMF -RRB- . With the second-highest human development index globally , the country ranks highly in quality of life , health , education , economic freedom , and civil liberties and political rights . Australia is a member of the United Nations , G20 , Commonwealth of Nations , ANZUS , Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , World Trade Organization , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , and the Pacific Islands Forum .  Australia , sometimes known in technical contexts by the names Sahul , Australinea or Meganesia , to distinguish it from the Australian mainland , is a continent comprising mainland Australia , Tasmania , New Guinea , Seram , possibly Timor , and neighbouring islands .   It is the smallest of the seven traditional continents in the English conception . The continent lies on a continental shelf overlain by shallow seas which divide it into several landmasses -- the Arafura Sea and Torres Strait between mainland Australia and New Guinea , and Bass Strait between mainland Australia and Tasmania . When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age , including the Last Glacial Maximum about 18,000 BC , they were connected by dry land . During the past 10,000 years , rising sea levels overflowed the lowlands and separated the continent into today 's low-lying arid to semi-arid mainland and the two mountainous islands of New Guinea and Tasmania . Geologically , a continent extends to the edge of its continental shelf , so the now-separate islands are considered part of the continent . Due to the spread of animals , fungi and plants across the single Pleistocene landmass the separate lands have a related biota .   New Zealand is not part of the continent of Australia , but of the separate , submerged continent of Zealandia . New Zealand and Australia are both part of the wider regions known as Australasia and Oceania . The term Oceania is often used to denote the region encompassing the Australian continent and various islands in the Pacific Ocean that are not included in the seven-continent model .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Event management includes decor.", "evidence": "Event management is the application of project management to the creation and development of large scale events such as festivals , conferences , ceremonies , formal parties , concerts , or conventions . It involves studying the brand , identifying it 's target audience , devising the event concept , and coordinating the technical aspects before actually launching the event .   The process of planning and coordinating the event is usually referred to as event planning and which can include budgeting , scheduling , site selection , acquiring necessary permits , coordinating transportation and parking , arranging for speakers or entertainers , arranging decor , event security , catering , coordinating with third party vendors , and emergency plans .   The events industry now includes events of all sizes from the Olympics down to business breakfast meetings . Many industries , charitable organizations , and interest groups hold events in order to market themselves , build business relationships , raise money , or celebrate achievement .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The New York Giants play professionally.", "evidence": "The New York Giants are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area . The Giants compete in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- East division . The team plays its home games at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , which it shares with the New York Jets in a unique arrangement . The Giants hold their summer training camp at the Quest Diagnostics Training Center at the Meadowlands Sports Complex .   The Giants were one of five teams that joined the NFL in 1925 , and is the only one of that group still existing , as well as the league 's longest-established team in the Northeastern United States . The team ranks third among all NFL franchises with eight NFL titles : four in the pre -- Super Bowl era -LRB- 1927 , 1934 , 1938 , 1956 -RRB- and four since the advent of the Super Bowl -LRB- Super Bowls XXI -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , XXV -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , XLII -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and XLVI -LRB- 2011 -RRB- -RRB- , along with more championship appearances than any other team , with 19 overall appearances . Their championship tally is surpassed only by the Green Bay Packers -LRB- 13 -RRB- and Chicago Bears -LRB- 9 -RRB- . Throughout their history , the Giants have featured 28 Hall of Fame players , including NFL Most Valuable Player -LRB- MVP -RRB- award winners Mel Hein , Frank Gifford , Y. A. Tittle , and Lawrence Taylor .   To distinguish themselves from the professional baseball team of the same name , the football team was incorporated as the `` New York National League Football Company , Inc. '' in 1929 and changed to `` New York Football Giants , Inc. '' in 1937 . While the baseball team moved to San Francisco after the 1957 season , the football team continues to use `` New York Football Giants , Inc. '' as its legal corporate name , and is often referred to by fans and sportscasters as the `` New York Football Giants '' . The team has also acquired several nicknames , including `` Big Blue '' , the `` G-Men '' , and the `` Jints '' , an intentionally mangled contraction seen frequently in the New York Post and New York Daily News , originating from the baseball team when they were based in New York . Additionally , the team as a whole is occasionally referred to as the `` Big Blue Wrecking Crew '' , even though this moniker primarily and originally refers to the Giants defensive unit during the 80s and early 90s -LRB- and before that to the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball teams of the late 1970s and early 1980s -RRB- .   The team 's heated rivalry with the Philadelphia Eagles is the oldest of the NFC East rivalries , dating all the way back to 1933 , and has been called the best rivalry in the NFL in the 21st century .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Shawn Mendes is represented by a Canadian record label.", "evidence": "Shawn Peter Raul Mendes -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8m\u025bnd\u025bz -RSB- , -LSB- \u02c8m\u1ebdd\u0268\u0283 -RSB- ; born August 8 , 1998 -RRB- is a Canadian singer and songwriter . He attracted a following in 2013 , when he began posting song covers on the video sharing application Vine . The following year , he caught the attention of artist managers Andrew Gertler and Island Records A&R Ziggy Chareton , which led to him signing a deal with the record label . Mendes went on to release an EP and his debut studio album Handwritten , whose single `` Stitches '' reached the top 10 in the US and Canada , and number one in the UK . His sophomore album , Illuminate -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , was preceded by the single `` Treat You Better '' . Both albums debuted atop the US Billboard 200 .  Island Records is a British-American record label that operates as a division of Universal Music Group -LRB- UMG -RRB- . It was founded by Chris Blackwell , Graeme Goodall and Leslie Kong in Jamaica in 1959 . Blackwell sold the label to PolyGram in 1989 . Both Island and another label recently acquired by PolyGram , A&M Records , were both at the time the largest independent record labels in history , with Island in particular having exerted a major influence on the progressive UK music scene in the early 1970s .   Three Island labels exist in the world : Island UK , Island US , and Island Australia , with the main label operating out of London . Notable artists on the UK roster include Ariana Grande , U2 , Mumford & Sons , Amy Winehouse , Ben Howard , Florence + The Machine , John Newman , Hozier , Catfish and the Bottlemen , Disclosure , AlunaGeorge , Keane , James Morrison , Annie Lennox , That Poppy and PJ Harvey .   Current key people of Island Records include Island president Darcus Beese , OBE and MD Jon Turner . Partially due to the label 's significant legacy , Island remains one of UMG 's pre-eminent record labels . In a 50-year anniversary documentary , Island Records artist Melissa Etheridge stated : `` If you want to look at world music , music of the last fifty years that changed the world , you need look no further than Island Records . ''  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Secret Life of Us failed to ever air anywhere.", "evidence": "The Secret Life of Us is a three-time silver Logie Award-winning Australian television drama series set in the beachside suburb of St Kilda , Melbourne , Australia . The series was produced by Southern Star Group and screened in Australia from 2001 to 2005 on Network Ten and on Channel 4 in the UK . Initially co-funded by the two networks , Channel 4 pulled out after the third series and the fourth series was not aired in the UK . It is primarily a drama with some comedic moments .   It has been shown in other countries such as New Zealand -LRB- TV3 -RRB- , Ireland -LRB- RT\u00c9 Two -RRB- , Canada -LRB- SuperChannel3 -RRB- , the Netherlands -LRB- Yorin -RRB- , France -LRB- Canal Plus , France 4 -RRB- , Estonia -LRB- ETV , Kanal 11 -RRB- , Norway -LRB- NRK -RRB- , Serbia -LRB- B92 , TV Avala -RRB- , Russia -LRB- TNT , Muz TV -RRB- , Israel -LRB- Channel 2 -RRB- , and United States -LRB- Hulu -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Dark Knight is set in Metropolis.", "evidence": "The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed , co-produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan . Featuring the DC Comics character Batman , the film is the second part of Nolan 's The Dark Knight Trilogy and a sequel to 2005 's Batman Begins , starring an ensemble cast including Christian Bale , Michael Caine , Heath Ledger , Gary Oldman , Aaron Eckhart , Maggie Gyllenhaal and Morgan Freeman . In the film , Bruce Wayne/Batman -LRB- Bale -RRB- , James Gordon -LRB- Oldman -RRB- and Harvey Dent -LRB- Eckhart -RRB- form an alliance to dismantle organized crime in Gotham City , but are menaced by a criminal mastermind known as the Joker -LRB- Ledger -RRB- who seeks to undermine Batman 's influence and create chaos .   Nolan 's inspiration for the film was the Joker 's comic book debut in 1940 , the 1988 graphic novel The Killing Joke , and the 1996 series The Long Halloween , which retold Two-Face 's origin . The nickname `` the Dark Knight '' was first applied to Batman in Batman # 1 -LRB- 1940 -RRB- , in a story written by Bill Finger . The Dark Knight was filmed primarily in Chicago , as well as in several other locations in the United States , the United Kingdom , and Hong Kong . Nolan used IMAX 70 mm film cameras to film some sequences , including the Joker 's first appearance in the film . The film is dedicated to the memory of Ledger , who died on January 22 , 2008 , some months after the completed filming and six months before the film 's release , from a toxic combination of prescription drugs , leading to intense attention from the press and movie-going public . Warner Bros. initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight , developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screenshots of Ledger as the Joker .   A co-production of the United States and the United Kingdom , The Dark Knight was released on July 16 , 2008 in Australia , on July 18 , 2008 , in North America , and on July 25 , 2008 , in the United Kingdom . Considered by film critics to be one of the best films of the 2000s and one of the best superhero films ever , the film received highly positive reviews and set numerous records during its theatrical run . The Dark Knight appeared on more critics ' top ten lists -LRB- 287 -RRB- than any other film of 2008 with the exception of WALL-E , and more critics -LRB- 77 -RRB- named The Dark Knight the best film of 2008 than any other film released that year . With over $ 1 billion in revenue worldwide , it is the 29th-highest-grossing film of all time , unadjusted for inflation . The film received eight Academy Award nominations ; it won the award for Best Sound Editing and Ledger was posthumously awarded Best Supporting Actor . The Dark Knight Rises , the final film in the trilogy , was released on July 20 , 2012 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Jamie Foxx was incapable of portraying Ray Charles in Ray.", "evidence": "Eric Marlon Bishop -LRB- born December 13 , 1967 -RRB- , known professionally by his stage name Jamie Foxx , is an American actor , singer , songwriter , record producer and comedian . He won an Academy Award for Best Actor , BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film Ray . The same year , he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the crime film Collateral .   Other prominent acting roles include Staff Sergeant Sykes in Jarhead -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Detective Ricardo Tubbs in the 2006 film adaptation of TV series Miami Vice , the title role in the film Django Unchained -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the supervillain Electro in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Foxx also starred in the 1990-1994 sketch comedy show In Living Color and his own television show from 1996 to 2001 , the sitcom The Jamie Foxx Show , in which he played Jamie King , Jr. . Foxx also starred in the 2014 film Annie , in which he played Will Stacks .   Foxx is also a Grammy Award-winning musician , producing four albums which have charted in the top ten of the US Billboard 200 : Unpredictable -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , which topped the chart , Intuition -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Best Night of My Life -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and Hollywood : A Story of a Dozen Roses -LRB- 2015 -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "A cause of anti-nuclear antibodies are are anti-sp100 antibodies.", "evidence": "Antinuclear antibodies -LRB- ANAs , also known as antinuclear factor or ANF -RRB- are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus . In normal individuals , the immune system produces antibodies to foreign proteins -LRB- antigens -RRB- but not to human proteins -LRB- autoantigens -RRB- . In some individuals , antibodies to human antigens are produced .   There are many subtypes of ANAs such as anti-Ro antibodies , anti-La antibodies , anti-Sm antibodies , anti-nRNP antibodies , anti-Scl-70 antibodies , anti-dsDNA antibodies , anti-histone antibodies , antibodies to nuclear pore complexes , anti-centromere antibodies and anti-sp100 antibodies . Each of these antibody subtypes binds to different proteins or protein complexes within the nucleus . They are found in many disorders including autoimmunity , cancer and infection , with different prevalences of antibodies depending on the condition . This allows the use of ANAs in the diagnosis of some autoimmune disorders , including systemic lupus erythematosus , Sj\u00f6gren 's syndrome , scleroderma , mixed connective tissue disease , polymyositis , dermatomyositis , autoimmune hepatitis and drug induced lupus .   The ANA test detects the autoantibodies present in an individual 's blood serum . The common tests used for detecting and quantifying ANAs are indirect immunofluorescence and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay -LRB- ELISA -RRB- . In immunofluorescence , the level of autoantibodies is reported as a titre . This is the highest dilution of the serum at which autoantibodies are still detectable . Positive autoantibody titres at a dilution equal to or greater than 1:160 are usually considered as clinically significant . Positive titres of less than 1:160 are present in up to 20 % of the healthy population , especially the elderly . Although positive titres of 1:160 or higher are strongly associated with autoimmune disorders , they are also found in 5 % of healthy individuals . Autoantibody screening is useful in the diagnosis of autoimmune disorders and monitoring levels helps to predict the progression of disease . A positive ANA test is seldom useful if other clinical or laboratory data supporting a diagnosis are not present .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Emmy Rossum had a prominent role in a movie of which Maggie Greenwald was the director.", "evidence": "Emmanuelle Grey `` Emmy '' Rossum -LRB- born September 12 , 1986 -RRB- is an American actress , director and singer-songwriter . She is known for her portrayal of Fiona Gallagher in the television series Shameless . Rossum has starred in movies including Songcatcher -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , An American Rhapsody , -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Passionada -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Her role in Mystic River -LRB- 2003 -RRB- garnered her wider recognition . She starred in the science-fiction film The Day After Tomorrow -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and received critical acclaim for her performance in the leading role of Christine Daa\u00e9 in The Phantom of the Opera -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . She has since starred in Poseidon -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Dragonball : Evolution -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Dare -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Beautiful Creatures -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , Before I Disappear -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , You 're Not You -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Comet -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   In 2007 , Rossum released her debut album , Inside Out . She also released a Christmas EP the same year , titled Carol of the Bells . In 2013 , she released a follow up album called Sentimental Journey .  Songcatcher is a 2000 drama film directed by Maggie Greenwald . It is about a musicologist researching and collecting Appalachian folk music in the mountains of western North Carolina . Although Songcatcher is a fictional film , it is loosely based on the work of Olive Dame Campbell , founder of the John C. Campbell Folk School in Brasstown , North Carolina , and that of the English folk song collector Cecil Sharp , portrayed at the end of the film as professor Cyrus Whittle .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The divine right of kings was brought into action by Henry VIII when he changed the English constitution.", "evidence": "Henry VIII -LRB- 28 June 1491 -- 28 January 1547 -RRB- was King of England from 21 April 1509 until his death . Henry was the second Tudor monarch , succeeding his father , Henry VII .   Henry is best known for his six marriages and , in particular , his efforts to have his first marriage , to Catherine of Aragon , annulled . His disagreement with the Pope on the question of such an annulment led Henry to initiate the English Reformation , separating the Church of England from papal authority and appointing himself the Supreme Head of the Church of England . Despite his resulting excommunication , Henry remained a believer in core Catholic theological teachings .   Domestically , Henry is known for his radical changes to the English Constitution , ushering in the theory of the divine right of kings to England . Besides asserting the sovereign 's supremacy over the Church of England , he greatly expanded royal power during his reign . Charges of treason and heresy were commonly used to quash dissent , and those accused were often executed without a formal trial , by means of bills of attainder . He achieved many of his political aims through the work of his chief ministers , some of whom were banished or executed when they fell out of his favour . Thomas Wolsey , Thomas More , Thomas Cromwell , Richard Rich , and Thomas Cranmer all figured prominently in Henry 's administration . He was an extravagant spender and used the proceeds from the Dissolution of the Monasteries and acts of the Reformation Parliament to convert into royal revenue the money that was formerly paid to Rome . Despite the influx of money from these sources , Henry was continually on the verge of financial ruin due to his personal extravagance as well as his numerous costly continental wars , particularly with Francis I of France and the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V , as he sought to enforce his claim to the Kingdom of France . At home , he oversaw the legal union of England and Wales with the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 and following the Crown of Ireland Act 1542 he was the first English monarch to rule as King of Ireland .   His contemporaries considered Henry in his prime to be an attractive , educated , and accomplished king , and he has been described as `` one of the most charismatic rulers to sit on the English throne '' . He was an author and composer . As he aged , Henry became severely obese and his health suffered , contributing to his death in 1547 . He is frequently characterised in his later life as a lustful , egotistical , harsh , and insecure king . He was succeeded by his son Edward VI .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "How to Lose Friends & Alienate People stars Simon Pegg, Kirsten Dunst, Danny Huston, Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Jeff Bridges, alongside Max Minghella and Margo Stilley.", "evidence": "How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is a 2008 British comedy film based upon Toby Young 's 2001 memoir of the same name . The film follows a similar storyline , about his five-year struggle to make it in the United States after employment at Sharps Magazine . The names of the magazine and people Young came into contact with during the time were changed for the film adaptation . The film version -LRB- adapted by Peter Straughan -RRB- is a highly fictionalized account , and differs greatly from the work upon which it was built .   Directed by Robert B. Weide , it stars Simon Pegg , Kirsten Dunst , Danny Huston , Gillian Anderson , Megan Fox and Jeff Bridges , alongside Max Minghella and Margo Stilley . How to Lose Friends & Alienate People was released simultaneously in the United Kingdom -LRB- by Paramount Pictures -RRB- and the United States -LRB- by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer -RRB- on 3 October 2008 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Equidae includes some species known only from fossils.", "evidence": "Equidae -LRB- sometimes known as the horse family -RRB- is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals , including the extant horses , donkeys , and zebras , and many other species known only from fossils . All extant species are in the genus Equus . Equidae belongs to the order Perissodactyla , which includes the extant tapirs and rhinoceros , and several extinct families .   The term equid refers to any member of this family , including any equine .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ty Cobb was born in rural Connecticut.", "evidence": "Tyrus Raymond Cobb -LRB- December 18 , 1886 -- July 17 , 1961 -RRB- , nicknamed The Georgia Peach , was an American Major League Baseball -LRB- MLB -RRB- outfielder . He was born in rural Narrows , Georgia . Cobb spent 22 seasons with the Detroit Tigers , the last six as the team 's player-manager , and finished his career with the Philadelphia Athletics . In 1936 Cobb received the most votes of any player on the inaugural Baseball Hall of Fame ballot , receiving 222 out of a possible 226 votes -LRB- 98.2 % -RRB- ; no other player received a higher percentage of votes until 1992 . In 1999 , editors at the Sporting News ranked Ty Cobb 3rd on their list of `` Baseball 's 100 Greatest Players '' .   Cobb is widely credited with setting 90 MLB records during his career . He still holds several records as of the end of the 2016 season , including the highest career batting average -LRB- .366 or .367 , depending on source -RRB- and most career batting titles with 11 -LRB- or 12 , depending on source -RRB- . He retained many other records for almost a half century or more , including most career hits until 1985 -LRB- 4,189 or 4,191 , depending on source -RRB- , most career runs -LRB- 2,245 or 2,246 depending on source -RRB- until 2001 , most career games played -LRB- 3,035 -RRB- and at bats -LRB- 11,429 or 11,434 depending on source -RRB- until 1974 , and the modern record for most career stolen bases -LRB- 892 -RRB- until 1977 . He still holds the career record for stealing home -LRB- 54 times -RRB- and for stealing second base , third base , and home in succession -LRB- 5 times -RRB- , and as the youngest player ever to compile 4,000 hits and score 2,000 runs . Cobb ranks fifth all-time in number of games played and committed 271 errors , the most by any American League -LRB- AL -RRB- outfielder .   Cobb 's legacy as an athlete has sometimes been overshadowed by his surly temperament and aggressive playing style , which was described by the Detroit Free Press as `` daring to the point of dementia . '' Cobb himself wrote shortly before his death , `` In legend I am a sadistic , slashing , swashbuckling despot who waged war in the guise of sport . '' Cobb was notorious for sliding into bases feet first , with his spikes high .   Cobb 's legacy , which includes a large college scholarship fund for Georgia residents financed by his early investments in Coca-Cola and General Motors , has been tarnished by allegations of racism and violence , largely stemming from a couple of biographies that were released following his death . Cobb 's reputation as an extremely violent man was fanned by his first biographer , sportswriter Al Stump , whose stories about Cobb have been discredited as sensationalized , and in some part proven to be entirely fictional , while Cobb 's views on race evolved and mellowed after his retirement from baseball .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Psychological findings link to research and perspectives from an academic discipline.", "evidence": "Psychology is the science of behavior and mind , embracing all aspects of conscious and unconscious experience as well as thought . It is an academic discipline and a social science which seeks to understand individuals and groups by establishing general principles and researching specific cases .   In this field , a professional practitioner or researcher is called a psychologist and can be classified as a social , behavioral , or cognitive scientist . Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior , while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors .   Psychologists explore behavior and mental processes , including perception , cognition , attention , emotion -LRB- affect -RRB- , intelligence , phenomenology , motivation -LRB- conation -RRB- , brain functioning , and personality . This extends to interaction between people , such as interpersonal relationships , including psychological resilience , family resilience , and other areas . Psychologists of diverse orientations also consider the unconscious mind . Psychologists employ empirical methods to infer causal and correlational relationships between psychosocial variables . In addition , or in opposition , to employing empirical and deductive methods , some -- especially clinical and counseling psychologists -- at times rely upon symbolic interpretation and other inductive techniques . Psychology has been described as a `` hub science '' , with psychological findings linking to research and perspectives from the social sciences , natural sciences , medicine , humanities , and philosophy .   While psychological knowledge is often applied to the assessment and treatment of mental health problems , it is also directed towards understanding and solving problems in several spheres of human activity . By many accounts psychology ultimately aims to benefit society . The majority of psychologists are involved in some kind of therapeutic role , practicing in clinical , counseling , or school settings . Many do scientific research on a wide range of topics related to mental processes and behavior , and typically work in university psychology departments or teach in other academic settings -LRB- e.g. , medical schools , hospitals -RRB- . Some are employed in industrial and organizational settings , or in other areas such as human development and aging , sports , health , and the media , as well as in forensic investigation and other aspects of law .  Humanities are academic disciplines that study aspects of human culture . In the Middle Ages , the term contrasted with divinity and referred to what is now called classics , the main area of secular study in universities at the time . Today , the humanities are more frequently contrasted with natural , and sometimes social , sciences as well as professional training .   The humanities use methods that are primarily critical , or speculative , and have a significant historical element -- as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural sciences , yet , unlike the sciences , it has no central discipline .  The humanities include ancient and modern languages , literature , philosophy , religion , art and musicology .   Scholars in the humanities are `` humanity scholars '' or humanists . The term `` humanist '' also describes the philosophical position of humanism , which some `` antihumanist '' scholars in the humanities refuse . The Renaissance scholars and artists were also called humanists . Some secondary schools offer humanities classes usually consisting of English literature , global studies and art .   Human disciplines like history and cultural anthropology study subject matters that the experimental method does not apply to -- and instead mainly use the comparative method and comparative research .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Felicity Jones was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.", "evidence": "Felicity Rose Hadley Jones -LRB- born 17 October 1983 -RRB- is an English actress . She started her professional acting career as a child , appearing at age 12 in The Treasure Seekers -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . Jones went on to play Ethel Hallow for one season in the television show The Worst Witch and its sequel Weirdsister College . She took time off from acting to attend university at Wadham College , Oxford where she performed in Shakespeare 's The Comedy of Errors for the Oxford University Dramatic Society , and has worked steadily since graduating in 2006 . On radio , she has played the role of Emma Grundy in the BBC 's The Archers . In 2008 , she appeared in the Donmar Warehouse production of The Chalk Garden .   Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Brideshead Revisited -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Ch\u00e9ri -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , and The Tempest -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Her performance in the 2011 film Like Crazy was met with critical acclaim , garnering her numerous awards , including a special jury prize at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival . In 2014 , her performance as Jane Hawking in The Theory of Everything also met with critical acclaim , garnering her nominations for the Golden Globe , SAG , BAFTA and Academy Award for Best Actress . In 2016 , Jones starred in the adventure-thriller Inferno , the fantasy drama A Monster Calls and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One . In 2016 , she received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a screenwriter named Jim Rash.", "evidence": "James `` Jim '' Rash -LRB- born July 15 , 1971 -RRB- is an American actor , comedian , producer , screenwriter , and director . He is known for playing Dean Craig Pelton on the NBC/Yahoo ! sitcom Community . In 2012 , he received a Golden Globe nomination and won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for the film The Descendants .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Paris hosts the French Open.", "evidence": "Paris -LRB- French pronunciation : -LSB- p\u0251\u0281i -RSB- , -LSB- pa\u0281i -RSB- -RRB- is the capital and most populous city of France . It has an area of 105 km2 and a population of 2,229,621 in 2013 within its administrative limits . The city is both a commune and department and forms the centre and headquarters of the \u00cele-de-France , or Paris Region , which has an area of 12,012 km2 and a population in 2016 of 12,142,802 , comprising roughly 18 percent of the population of France . By the 17th century , Paris was one of Europe 's major centres of finance , commerce , fashion , science , and the arts , and it retains that position still today . The Paris Region had a GDP of $ 624 billion -LRB- US $ 687 billion -RRB- in 2012 , accounting for 30.0 percent of the GDP of France and ranking it as one of the wealthiest regions in Europe .   The City of Paris is but the core of a built-up area that extends well beyond its administrative limits . Commonly referred to as the agglom\u00e9ration Parisienne , and statistically as a unit\u00e9 urbaine -LRB- a measure of urban area -RRB- , the agglomeration has a 2013 population of 10,601,122 , which makes it the largest in the European Union . City-influenced commuter activity reaches well beyond even this in a statistical aire urbaine de Paris -LRB- a measure of metropolitan area -RRB- , that had a 2013 population of 12,405,426 , a number one-fifth the population of France , and one that makes it , after London , the second largest metropolitan area in the European Union . Although joined in a single urban tissue , Paris ' lack of administrative and economic cohesion with its suburbs has been a longstanding problem , but a 2016 ` Metropole of Grand Paris ' economic and environmental initiative covering an 814 km2 area and a population of 7 million , exists since 2016 .   The city is also a major rail , highway , and air-transport hub served by two international airports : Paris-Charles de Gaulle -LRB- the second busiest airport in Europe after London Heathrow Airport with 63.8 million passengers in 2014 -RRB- and Paris-Orly . Opened in 1900 , the city 's subway system , the Paris M\u00e9tro , serves 5.23 million passengers daily . It is the second busiest metro system in Europe after Moscow Metro . Notably , Paris Gare du Nord is the busiest railway station in the world outside of Japan , with 262 millions passengers in 2015 .   Paris has many important cultural institutions : its Louvre museum is the most visited in the world ; its Mus\u00e9e d'Orsay is noted for its collection of French Impressionist art , and its Pompidou-center Mus\u00e9e National d'Art Moderne has the largest collection of modern and contemporary art in Europe . The central area of the city along the Seine River is classified as a UNESCO Heritage Site and includes many notable monuments , including Notre Dame Cathedral , the Sainte-Chapelle , the former Universal Exposition Grand Palais , Petit Palais and Eiffel Tower , and the Basilica of Sacr\u00e9-C\u0153ur in Montmartre . In 2015 , Paris received 22.2 million visitors , making it one of the world 's top tourist destinations .   The association football club Paris Saint-Germain and the rugby union club Stade Fran\u00e7ais are based in Paris . The 80,000-seat Stade de France , built for the 1998 FIFA World Cup , is located just north of Paris in the neighbouring commune of Saint-Denis . Paris hosts the annual French Open Grand Slam tennis tournament on the red clay of Roland Garros . Paris hosted the 1900 and 1924 Summer Olympics and is bidding to host the 2024 Summer Olympics . The 1938 and 1998 FIFA World Cups , the 2007 Rugby World Cup , and the 1960 , 1984 , and 2016 UEFA European Championships were also held in the city , and every July , the Tour de France bicycle race finishes in the city .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Toy Story is a television show.", "evidence": "Toy Story is a 1995 American computer-animated buddy comedy adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . The directorial debut of John Lasseter , Toy Story was the first feature-length computer-animated film and the first theatrical film produced by Pixar .   Taking place in a world where anthropomorphic toys pretend to be lifeless whenever humans are present , the film 's plot focuses on the relationship between Woody , an old-fashioned pullstring cowboy doll -LRB- voiced by Tom Hanks -RRB- , and Buzz Lightyear , an astronaut action figure -LRB- voiced by Tim Allen -RRB- , as they evolve from rivals competing for the affections of Andy , their owner , to friends who work together to be reunited with Andy as his family prepares to move to a new home . The screenplay was written by Joss Whedon , Andrew Stanton , Joel Cohen and Alec Sokolow , based on a story by Lasseter , Pete Docter , Stanton and Joe Ranft . The film features music by Randy Newman , and was executive-produced by Steve Jobs and Edwin Catmull .   Pixar , which produced short animated films to promote their computers , was approached by Disney to produce a computer-animated feature after the success of their short film Tin Toy -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , which is told from a small toy 's perspective . Lasseter , Stanton and Docter wrote early story treatments which were thrown out by Disney , as they wanted the film to be edgier . After disastrous story reels , production was halted and the script was re-written , better reflecting the tone and theme Pixar desired : that `` toys deeply want children to play with them , and that this desire drives their hopes , fears , and actions '' . The studio , then consisting of a relatively small number of employees , produced the film under minor financial constraints .   Released in theaters on November 22 , 1995 , Toy Story was the highest-grossing film on its opening weekend and earned over $ 373 million worldwide . The film was widely acclaimed by critics , who praised the animation 's technical innovation , the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay , and the performances of Hanks and Allen . It is now considered by many critics to be one of the best animated films ever made . The film received three Academy Award nominations , including Best Original Screenplay , Best Original Score , and Best Original Song for `` You 've Got a Friend in Me '' , as well as winning a Special Achievement Academy Award . It was inducted into the National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' in 2005 , its first year of eligibility .   In addition to home media releases and theatrical re-releases , Toy Story-inspired material has run the gamut from toys , video games , theme park attractions , spin-offs , merchandise , and two sequels -- Toy Story 2 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- -- both of which also garnered massive commercial success and critical acclaim , with a third sequel , Toy Story 4 , slated for a 2019 release .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kalpana Raghavendar is a person who writes songs.", "evidence": "Kalpana Raghavendar is an Indian playback singer , dubbing voice-actor , songwriter and actor . She started her career as a playback singer at the age of five , and as of 2013 had recorded 1,500 tracks and performed in 3,000 shows in India and abroad .   In 2010 she was the winner of the south Indian singing show Star Singer season 5 , conducted by the Malayalam TV channel Asianet .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Odia language is used to communicate in Chhattisgarh.", "evidence": "Odia -LRB- -LSB- \u0259\u02c8di\u02d0\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- or Oriya -LRB- -LSB- \u0252\u02c8ri\u02d0\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- , both renderings of , is a language spoken by 3.2 % of India 's population . It is an Indo-Aryan language that is spoken mostly in eastern India , with around 40 million native speakers , as of the year 2016 , from the state of Odisha , from adjoining regions of its neighboring states and by the largely migrated Odia population across India .   It is the predominant language of the Indian state of Odisha , where native speakers make up 80 % of the population , and also is spoken in parts of West Bengal , Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh . Odia is one of the many official languages of India ; it is the official language of Odisha and the second official language of Jharkhand . The language is also spoken by a sizeable population of at least 10 million people in Chhattisgarh .   Odia is the sixth Indian language to be designated a Classical Language in India on the basis of having a long literary history and not having borrowed extensively from other languages .   The earliest known inscription in Odia dates back to the 10th century AD .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Melisandre was left out of A Storm of Swords (2000).", "evidence": "Melisandre of Asshai is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones . She is a priestess of the god R'hllor and a close advisor to King Stannis Baratheon in his campaign to take the Iron Throne . She is often nicknamed The Red Woman due to the color of her hair and clothes .   Introduced in 1998 's A Clash of Kings , Melisandre originates from the continent Essos and has come to Westeros to propagate her faith in the Red God . She subsequently appeared in Martin 's A Storm of Swords -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and A Dance with Dragons -LRB- 2011 -RRB- .   Melisandre is portrayed by Dutch actress Carice van Houten in the HBO television adaptation .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Queen Latifah has won at least one Screen Actors Guild Award.", "evidence": "Dana Elaine Owens -LRB- born March 18 , 1970 -RRB- , known professionally by her stage name Queen Latifah , is an American rapper , songwriter , singer , actress , model , television producer , record producer , and talk show host . Born in Newark , New Jersey , she signed with Tommy Boy Records in 1989 and released her debut album All Hail the Queen the same year , featuring the hit single `` Ladies First '' . Her second album , Nature of a Sista -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , was her final album with Tommy Boy Records .   Latifah starred as Khadijah James on the FOX sitcom Living Single , from 1993 to 1998 . Her third album Black Reign -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , spawned the single `` U.N.I.T.Y. '' , which won a Grammy Award and was successful on the Billboard Hot 100 . She then starred in the lead role of Set It Off -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and released her fourth album , Order in the Court , in 1998 , with Motown Records . Latifah gained mainstream success and acclaim with her performance in the film Chicago -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , receiving an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress .   Latifah released her fifth album The Dana Owens Album in 2004 , and has since appeared in a number of films , such as Bringing Down the House -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Taxi -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Barbershop 2 : Back in Business -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Beauty Shop -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Last Holiday -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Hairspray -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Joyful Noise -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . In 2007 and 2009 , she released two more studio albums -- Trav ` lin ' Light and Persona . She created the daytime talk show The Queen Latifah Show , which ran from late 2013 to early 2015 on CBS . Latifah received critical acclaim for her portrayal of blues singer Bessie Smith in the HBO film Bessie -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , which she co-produced , winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Television Movie .   She has long been considered one of hip-hop 's pioneer feminists . Queen Latifah received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2006 . Latifah 's work in music , film and television has earned her a Grammy Award , an Emmy Award , a Golden Globe award , three Screen Actors Guild Awards , two NAACP Image Awards , an Academy Award nomination and sales of over two million records .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Laadla was released.", "evidence": "Laadla -LRB- translation : The Beloved Son -RRB- is a Bollywood film released on 17 April 1994 , starring Sridevi , Anil Kapoor and Raveena Tandon . The film was notable because Divya Bharti was to star as the lead role Sheetal , filming most of the film . However , due to her untimely death in 1993 , Laadla was re-filmed with Sridevi in the lead role . Footage of late Divya Bharti as Sheetal is available on the internet . Laadla is the remake of Rajkumar 's blockbuster Kannada movie called Anuraga Aralithu -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . Laadla was a Box Office Hit dominated by Sridevi 's presence who was quite a big star at that time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stars Dance is Selena Gomez's debut album.", "evidence": "Stars Dance is the solo debut studio album by American singer Selena Gomez . It was released on July 19 , 2013 , by Hollywood Records . Gomez began planning the project in 2012 , at which time she announced that her band Selena Gomez & the Scene would be taking an indefinite hiatus , and continued work into 2013 . She has cited artists such as Britney Spears and Skrillex as influences on the record , which stylistically features EDM and electropop music . Elements of dubstep , techno , disco and worldbeat have been noted on the album . Gomez worked with producers such as Rock Mafia and The Cataracs on the album .   Upon its release , Stars Dance received generally mixed reviews from music critics . While some complimented both Gomez 's maturing image and the album 's content both lyrically and vocally , the album was criticized for its electronic-heavy and somewhat `` generic '' production . It is her first album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 . The album sold 97,000 copies in its first week of release in the country , making it her highest selling debut at the time . This was later surpassed by her second studio effort , Revival -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , which sold 117,000 units in its first week . It became her fourth top twenty entry in the United Kingdom , peaking at number fourteen . As of May 2017 , the album has sold an estimated 407,000 copies in the United States , making it her lowest selling studio album to date in the country .   The album 's lead single , `` Come & Get It '' featured heavy electronic and worldbeat themes , became Gomez 's first top 10 entry in the United States , and entered the top ten in countries such as the United Kingdom , Ireland , and Canada , among others . It was also successful on pop radio , reaching number-two on the Mainstream Top 40 chart . The second single , `` Slow Down '' , failed to match the success of its predecessor , though did peak inside the Top 30 in the United States . It was met with success on pop radio , reaching the top ten of the Mainstream Top 40 chart . Gomez promoted the album through a number of high-profile performances , such as the 2013 Billboard Music Awards . Gomez embarked on the Stars Dance Tour -LRB- 2013 -RRB- to further promote the release .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ileana D'Cruz starred in a movie.", "evidence": "Ileana D'Cruz -LRB- born 1 November 1986 -RRB- is an Indian film actress , who predominantly appears in Telugu cinema and Bollywood .   She won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut -- South for the 2006 Telugu film Devadasu . She has appeared in hits such as Pokiri -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Jalsa -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Kick -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and Julayi -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , establishing herself as one of Telugu cinema 's leading actresses . D'Cruz made her Kollywood debut with Kedi and made a comeback in Shankar 's Nanban -LRB- 2012 -RRB- .   In 2012 , she made her Bollywood debut with Anurag Basu 's critically and commercially successful Barfi ! , for which she received critical appreciation and the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut .   Later she starred in films Phata Poster Nikhla Hero -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , Main Tera Hero -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Happy Ending -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Rustom -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Soon she is going to appear along Ajay Devgan in his next film Baadshaho -LRB- 2017 -RRB- .  Jalsa -LRB- English translation : Fun -RRB- is a 2008 Telugu action comedy film directed by Trivikram Srinivas and produced by Allu Aravind , under the Geetha Arts banner . The film stars Pawan Kalyan , Ileana D'Cruz and Parvati Melton in pivotal roles . The soundtrack of the film , composed by Devi Sri Prasad , was launched on 29 February 2008 . The film was originally scheduled to be released on 27 March 2008 , but because of delays in the digital intermediate -LRB- DI -RRB- process , the film was released on 2 April 2008 and became successful at the Tollywood Box office . The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Yeh Hai Jalsa . Jalsa was released with 400 prints in 800 theaters across 1000 screens worldwide on 2 April 2008 . Jalsa collected -LRB- Share -RRB- in 100 days and turned out to be biggest grosser of the year .  Julai -LRB- English Translation : Wanderer -RRB- is a 2012 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Trivikram Srinivas . The film stars Allu Arjun , Ileana D'Cruz and Rajendra Prasad in lead roles . The film was produced by S. Radha Krishna under Haarika & Hassine Creations banner and was presented by DVV Danayya . The soundtrack was composed by Devi Sri Prasad . The film was released worldwide on over 1600 screens on 9 August 2012 to positive reviews , and has garnered the Nandi Award for Best Popular Feature Film . The film was dubbed in Malayalam as Gajapokkiri and was released on 17 August 2012 . It was also dubbed in Hindi as Dangerous Khiladi . The film was remade into Tamil titled as Saahasam which was also well received by audience .  Kick is a 2009 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film written by Vakkantham Vamsi and directed by Surender Reddy . It features Ravi Teja and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles . The film 's music was composed by S. Thaman.The film was released worldwide on 8 May 2009 and became blockbuster and was remade into Tamil as Thillalangadi , Hindi as Kick -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and in Kannada as Super Ranga .   A sequel , Kick 2 with the same lead actor Ravi Teja and director Surender Reddy released worldwide on 21 August 2015 .  Pokiri -LRB- Rogue -RRB- is a 2006 Indian Telugu-language action film , written and directed by Puri Jagannadh . The film was produced by Jagannadh and Manjula Ghattamaneni by their respective production companies Vaishno Academy and Indira Productions . The film stars Mahesh Babu and Ileana D'Cruz ; Prakash Raj , Nassar and Sayaji Shinde appear in prominent roles . The plot revolves around the life of an undercover police officer , Krishna Manohar , who infiltrates a mafia gang headed by a Dubai-based don Ali Bhai , under the pseudonym Pandu .   Made on a budget of around 100120 million , the film 's principal photography commenced in November 2005 and lasted until April 2006 . Most of the film was shot in and around Hyderabad and Chennai , except for a song which was shot at the province of Phuket in Thailand and the city of Bangkok . Shyam K. Naidu was the film 's cinematographer , and it was edited by Marthand K. Venkatesh . The soundtrack and background score were composed by Mani Sharma .   Pokiri was released on 28 April 2006 , to positive critical feedback , and collected a distributor 's share of 420 million . The film grossed 660 million worldwide and remained the highest-grossing Telugu film for three years , until it was surpassed by Magadheera in 2009 . The film was also one of the fourteen southern Indian films to be screened at the International Indian Film Academy Awards -LRB- IIFA -RRB- Film festival in 2006 . The film won four Nandi Awards and two Filmfare Awards . The film 's success catapulted D'Cruz into stardom and brought recognition to Jagannadh as a writer and director .   The film was remade into Tamil as Pokkiri in 2007 by Prabhu Deva with Vijay and Asin portraying the lead roles . Deva remade the film into Hindi as Wanted in 2009 with Salman Khan and Ayesha Takia portraying the lead roles . In 2010 , the film was again remade in Kannada as Porki by M. V. Sridhar with Darshan and Pranitha Subhash portraying the lead roles .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jet Li was in The Forbidden Kingdom with Jackie Chan.", "evidence": "Li Lianjie -LRB- born 26 April 1963 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Jet Li , is a Chinese film actor , film producer , martial artist , and retired Wushu champion who was born in Beijing . He is a naturalized Singaporean citizen .   After three years of training with Wu Bin , Li won his first national championship for the Beijing Wushu Team . After retiring from Wushu at age 19 , he went on to win great acclaim in China as an actor making his debut with the film Shaolin Temple -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . He went on to star in many critically acclaimed martial arts epic films , most notably as the lead in director Zhang Yimou 's 2002 Hero , Fist of Legend which is the best acclaimed Li movie by Rotten Tomatoes , and the Once Upon a Time in China series , in which he portrayed folk hero Wong Fei-hung .   Li 's first role in a non-Chinese film was as a villain in Lethal Weapon 4 -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and his first leading role in a Hollywood film was as Han Sing in Romeo Must Die -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . He has gone on to star in many action films , including in French cinema with Luc Besson Kiss of the Dragon and Unleashed . He co-starred in The One -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , The Forbidden Kingdom -LRB- 2008 -RRB- with Jackie Chan , all three of The Expendables films with Sylvester Stallone , and as the title character villain in The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Suits stars a dog named Harvey Specter.", "evidence": "Suits is an American legal drama television series created and written by Aaron Korsh . The series premiered on June 23 , 2011 , on the cable network USA , and is produced by Universal Cable . Suits is set at a fictional law firm in New York City . The focal point of the show follows talented college dropout Mike Ross -LRB- Patrick J. Adams -RRB- , who initially works as a law associate for Harvey Specter -LRB- Gabriel Macht -RRB- , despite never actually attending law school . The show focuses on Harvey and Mike managing to close cases while maintaining Mike 's secret .   Suits has been nominated for several awards since 2012 , with Gina Torres and Patrick J. Adams receiving individual praise for their roles as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross respectively . On top of two nominations recognizing her role as a supporting actress , Torres was awarded Outstanding Performance in a Television Series at the 2013 NHMC Impact Awards . Adams was nominated for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series at the 2012 Screen Actors Guild Awards , and the show itself has been nominated for two People 's Choice Awards .   In August 2016 , the series was renewed for a 16-episode seventh season , which is set to premiere on July 12 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Dr. Dre established his own country.", "evidence": "Andre Romelle Young -LRB- born February 18 , 1965 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur . He is the founder and current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and Beats Electronics . Dre was previously the co-owner of , and an artist on , Death Row Records . He has produced albums for and overseen the careers of many rappers , including 2Pac , The D.O.C. , Snoop Dogg , Eminem , Xzibit , Knoc-turn ` al , 50 Cent , The Game and Kendrick Lamar . He is credited as a key figure in the popularization of West Coast G-funk , a style of rap music characterized as synthesizer-based with slow , heavy beats . In 2014 , Dr. Dre was ranked as the second richest figure in the American hip hop scene by Forbes with a net worth of $ 550 million ; he is at the top of the 2015 Forbes list , with an estimated pre-tax take of $ 620 million in 2014 .   Dre began his career as a member of the World Class Wreckin ' Cru and later found fame with the influential gangsta rap group N.W.A with Eazy-E , Ice Cube , MC Ren , and DJ Yella , which popularized the use of explicit lyrics in rap to detail the violence of street life . His 1992 solo debut The Chronic , released under Death Row Records , led him to become one of the best-selling American performing artists of 1993 and to win a Grammy Award for the single `` Let Me Ride '' . That same year he produced Death Row labelmate Snoop Dogg 's quadruple platinum debut Doggystyle , and even molded artists into top-notch producers such as his step-brother Warren G , which led to his Multi-Platinum debut Regulate ... G Funk Era in 1994 , and Snoop Dogg 's cousin Daz Dillinger which led to the double platinum debut album Dogg Food by Tha Dogg Pound in 1995 .   In 1996 , he left Death Row Records to establish his own label , Aftermath Entertainment . He produced a compilation album titled Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath in 1996 , and released a solo album titled 2001 in 1999 . During the 2000s , he focused on production for other artists , while occasionally contributing vocals to songs . Dr. Dre signed Eminem in 1998 and 50 Cent in 2002 to his record label respectively , while contributing production on their albums . He has won six Grammy Awards , including Producer of the Year . Dr. Dre has also had acting roles in movies such as Set It Off , The Wash and Training Day . Rolling Stone ranked Dre at 56 on their list of `` 100 Greatest Artists of All-Time '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Derrick Rose was not born in the Chicago area.", "evidence": "Derrick Martell Rose -LRB- born October 4 , 1988 -RRB- is an American professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- . He played one year of college basketball for the Memphis Tigers before being drafted first overall by his hometown Chicago Bulls in the 2008 NBA draft . After being named the NBA Rookie of the Year , Rose , at age 22 , became the youngest player to win the NBA Most Valuable Player Award in 2011 .   Rose was born and raised in the Chicago area , and attended Simeon Career Academy . He was highly recruited by NCAA scouts and coaches , eventually choosing to join the University of Memphis under Coach John Calipari . Rose led the Memphis Tigers to the most wins in NCAA history -LRB- a 38-2 record -RRB- , their first number one ranking in 25 years , and an appearance in the NCAA Championship game . In 2009 , an NCAA investigation revealed that Rose 's SAT scores had been invalidated , and as a result , the NCAA vacated Memphis ' entire 2007 -- 08 season .   Rose has struggled with significant knee injuries since his 2010 -- 11 MVP campaign . In the first round of the 2012 NBA Playoffs against the Philadelphia 76ers , Rose tore his ACL in his left knee . Rose required surgery and was subsequently sidelined for the entire 2012 -- 13 season . Rose returned to play in 2013 -- 14 . However , on November 22 , 2013 , during a regular season game against the Portland Trail Blazers , Rose injured his right meniscus which caused him to miss the remainder of the season . Rose returned once again the following season , but knee injuries continued to riddle him , causing him to miss 30 games . In June 2016 , he was traded to the New York Knicks .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Paul Newman was an actor.", "evidence": "Paul Leonard Newman -LRB- January 26 , 1925 -- September 26 , 2008 -RRB- was an American actor , IndyCar driver , entrepreneur , and philanthropist . He won and was nominated for numerous awards , winning an Academy Award for his performance in the 1986 film The Color of Money , a BAFTA Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award , a Cannes Film Festival Award , an Emmy Award , and many others . Newman 's other films include The Hustler -LRB- 1961 -RRB- , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid -LRB- 1969 -RRB- as Butch Cassidy , The Sting -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , and The Verdict -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . However , he is perhaps best remembered for his role as the title character in Cool Hand Luke -LRB- 1967 -RRB- .   Despite being colorblind , Newman won several national championships as a driver in Sports Car Club of America road racing , and his race teams won several championships in open wheel IndyCar racing . He was a co-founder of Newman 's Own , a food company from which he donated all post-tax profits and royalties to charity . As of January 2017 , these donations have totaled over US$ 485 million . He was also a co-founder of Safe Water Network , a nonprofit that develops sustainable drinking water solutions for those in need . In 1988 , Newman founded the SeriousFun Children 's Network , a global family of summer camps and programs for children with serious illness which has served 290,076 children since its inception .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Charles I of England was a pauper.", "evidence": "Charles I -LRB- 19 November 1600 -- 30 January 1649 -RRB- was monarch of the three kingdoms of England , Scotland , and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649 .   Charles was the second son of King James VI of Scotland , but after his father inherited the English throne in 1603 , he moved to England , where he spent much of the rest of his life . He became heir apparent to the English , Irish , and Scottish thrones on the death of his elder brother , Henry Frederick , Prince of Wales , in 1612 . An unsuccessful and unpopular attempt to marry him to the Spanish Habsburg princess Maria Anna culminated in an eight-month visit to Spain in 1623 that demonstrated the futility of the marriage negotiations . Two years later , he married the Bourbon princess Henrietta Maria of France instead .   After his succession , Charles quarrelled with the Parliament of England , which sought to curb his royal prerogative . Charles believed in the divine right of kings and thought he could govern according to his own conscience . Many of his subjects opposed his policies , in particular the levying of taxes without parliamentary consent , and perceived his actions as those of a tyrannical absolute monarch . His religious policies , coupled with his marriage to a Roman Catholic , generated the antipathy and mistrust of reformed groups such as the English Puritans and Scottish Covenanters , who thought his views too Catholic . He supported high church ecclesiastics , such as Richard Montagu and William Laud , and failed to aid Protestant forces successfully during the Thirty Years ' War . His attempts to force the Church of Scotland to adopt high Anglican practices led to the Bishops ' Wars , strengthened the position of the English and Scottish parliaments and helped precipitate his own downfall .   From 1642 , Charles fought the armies of the English and Scottish parliaments in the English Civil War . After his defeat in 1645 , he surrendered to a Scottish force that eventually handed him over to the English Parliament . Charles refused to accept his captors ' demands for a constitutional monarchy , and temporarily escaped captivity in November 1647 . Re-imprisoned on the Isle of Wight , Charles forged an alliance with Scotland , but by the end of 1648 Oliver Cromwell 's New Model Army had consolidated its control over England . Charles was tried , convicted , and executed for high treason in January 1649 . The monarchy was abolished and a republic called the Commonwealth of England was declared . The monarchy was restored to Charles 's son , Charles II , in 1660 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "SF are the initials used to represent San Francisco.", "evidence": "San Francisco -LRB- initials SF -RRB- -LRB- -LSB- s\u00e6n_fr\u0259n\u02c8s\u026asko\u028a -RSB- , Spanish for Saint Francis ; Spanish : -LSB- san fran\u02c8sisko -RSB- -RRB- , officially the City and County of San Francisco , is the cultural , commercial , and financial center of Northern California . Located at the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula , San Francisco is about 47.9 sqmi in area , making it the smallest county -- and the only consolidated city-county -- within the state of California . With a density of about 18,581 people per square mile -LRB- 7,174 people per km2 -RRB- , San Francisco is the most densely settled large city -LRB- population greater than 200,000 -RRB- in California and the second-most densely populated major city in the United States after New York City . San Francisco is the fourth-most populous city in California , after Los Angeles , San Diego , and San Jose , and the 13th-most populous city in the United States -- with a census-estimated 2016 population of 870,887 . The city and its surrounding areas are known as the San Francisco Bay Area , and are a part of the larger OMB-designated San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland combined statistical area , the fifth most populous in the nation with an estimated population of 8.7 million .   San Francisco was founded on June 29 , 1776 , when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de As\u00eds a few miles away , all named for St. Francis of Assisi . The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth , making it the largest city on the West Coast at the time . San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856 .  After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire , San Francisco was quickly rebuilt , hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later . In World War II , San Francisco was a major port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater . It then became the birthplace of the United Nations in 1945 . After the war , the confluence of returning servicemen , massive immigration , liberalizing attitudes , along with the rise of the `` hippie '' counterculture , the Sexual Revolution , the Peace Movement growing from opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War , and other factors led to the Summer of Love and the gay rights movement , cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States . Politically , the city votes strongly along liberal Democratic Party lines .   A popular tourist destination , San Francisco is known for its cool summers , fog , steep rolling hills , eclectic mix of architecture , and landmarks , including the Golden Gate Bridge , cable cars , the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary , Fisherman 's Wharf , and its Chinatown district . San Francisco is also the headquarters of five major banking institutions and various other companies such as Levi Strauss & Co. , Gap Inc. , Salesforce.com , Dropbox , Reddit , Square , Inc. , Dolby , Airbnb , Weebly , Pacific Gas and Electric Company , Yelp , Pinterest , Twitter , Uber , Lyft , Mozilla , Wikimedia Foundation , Craigslist and Weather Underground . It has several nicknames , including `` The City by the Bay '' , `` Fog City '' , `` San Fran '' , and `` Frisco '' , as well as older ones like `` The City that Knows How '' , `` Baghdad by the Bay '' , `` The Paris of the West '' , or simply `` The City '' . , San Francisco is ranked high on world liveability rankings .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Billy Clanton was unrelated to Newman Clanton.", "evidence": "William Harrison Clanton -LRB- 1862 -- October 26 , 1881 -RRB- was an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County , Arizona Territory . He , along with his father Newman Clanton and brother Ike Clanton , worked a ranch near Tombstone and stole livestock from Mexico and later U.S. ranchers .   He was a member of group of loosely organized outlaws who had ongoing conflicts with lawmen Wyatt , Virgil , and Morgan Earp . The Clantons repeatedly threatened the Earps because they interfered with the Cowboys ' illegal activities . On October 26 , 1881 , Billy , Tom McLaury , and Frank McLaury were killed in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in the boomtown of Tombstone , Arizona Territory . His brother Ike was unarmed and ran from the gunfight . The shootout was his only gunfight . Ike filed murder charges against the Earps , who were later exonerated as having acted within their duty as lawmen .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Katherine Heigl appeared in a science fiction television series.", "evidence": "Katherine Marie Heigl -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ha\u026a\u0261\u0259l -RSB- born November 24 , 1978 -RRB- is an American actress , film producer and former fashion model . She started her career as a child model with Wilhelmina Models before turning her attention to acting . She made her film debut in That Night -LRB- 1992 -RRB- and later appeared in My Father the Hero -LRB- 1994 -RRB- as well as Under Siege 2 : Dark Territory -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . From 1999 to 2002 , Heigl co-starred as Isabel Evans on the television series Roswell .   Heigl played Izzie Stevens on the ABC medical drama Grey 's Anatomy from 2005 to 2010 , a role for which she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2007 . Heigl has also had a prominent film career , with appearances in Knocked Up -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , 27 Dresses -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , The Ugly Truth -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Killers -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Life As We Know It -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and New Year 's Eve -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . She played the lead role on the short-lived NBC television series State of Affairs from 2014 to 2015 .   Additionally , she has established herself as a cover model , appearing in numerous publications including Maxim , Vanity Fair and Cosmopolitan . Heigl is married to singer Josh Kelley , with whom she has one son and two adopted daughters .  Roswell is an American science fiction television series developed , produced , and co-written by Jason Katims . The series debuted on October 6 , 1999 on The WB and moved to UPN for the third season ; The last episode aired on May 14 , 2002 . In the United Kingdom , the show aired as both Roswell High and Roswell .   The series is based on the Roswell High young adult book series , written by Melinda Metz and edited by Laura J. Burns , who became staff writers for the television series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stagira is the birthplace of Plato.", "evidence": "Stagira -LRB- -LSB- st\u0259\u02c8d\u0292a\u026ar\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- , Stagirus -LRB- -LSB- st\u0259\u02c8d\u0292a\u026ar\u0259s -RSB- -RRB- , or Stageira -LRB- \u03a3\u03c4\u03ac\u03b3\u03b5\u03b9\u03c1\u03b1 or \u03a3\u03c4\u03ac\u03b3\u03b5\u03b9\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 -RRB- was an ancient Greek city , located in central Macedonia , near the eastern coast of the peninsula of Chalkidice , and is chiefly known for being the birthplace of Aristotle , who was a Greek philosopher and polymath , a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great . The city lies approximately 8 km north northeast of the present-day village of Stagira , close to the town of Olympiada .   Stagira was founded in 655 BC by Ionian settlers from Andros . Xerxes I of Persia occupied it in 480 BC . The city later joined the Delian League , led by Athens , but left in 424 BC : as a result , the Athenian demagogue Cleon laid siege to it in 422 BC . However , Cleon was a poor strategist and his conduct of the siege was very inefficient : so much so that the ancient Greek comedy writer Aristophanes satirised him in the play The Knights . Cleon died in the same year , in the battle of Amphipolis . Later , during the Peloponnesian War , Stagira sided with Sparta against the Athenians .   In 348 BC , Philip II of Macedon occupied and destroyed the city . In return for Aristotle 's tutoring of his son Alexander , Philip later rebuilt the city and resettled the old city 's inhabitants , who had been enslaved . Many new structures were built at this time , including an aqueduct , two shrines to Demeter , and many houses .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cara Delevinge did not win the Model of the Year award.", "evidence": "Cara Jocelyn Delevingne -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u0251\u02d0r\u0259_\u02ccd\u025bl\u0259\u02c8vi\u02d0n -RSB- ; born 12 August 1992 -RRB- is an English fashion model and actress . She signed with Storm Model Management after leaving school in 2009 . Delevingne won the `` Model of the Year '' award at the British Fashion Awards in 2012 and 2014 and has appeared in shows for houses including Burberry , Mulberry , Dolce & Gabbana , and Jason Wu . She started her acting career with a minor role in the 2012 film adaptation of Anna Karenina . Her first major roles were as Margo Roth Spiegelman in the romantic mystery film Paper Towns -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Kath Talent in London Fields , and the Enchantress in the comic book film Suicide Squad -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "David Harbour was born on June 2nd, 1991.", "evidence": "David Harbour -LRB- born April 10 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre . He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "In Burundi, there are 21 registered parties.", "evidence": "Burundi -LRB- -LSB- b\u0259\u02c8r\u028andi -RSB- or -LSB- b\u0259\u02c8r\u028cndi -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Burundi -LRB- Republika y' Uburundi , -LSB- bu\u02c8\u027eundi -RSB- R\u00e9publique du Burundi , -LSB- bu\u0281undi -RSB- or -LSB- by\u0281yndi -RSB- -RRB- , is a landlocked country in the African Great Lakes region of East Africa , bordered by Rwanda to the north , Tanzania to the east and south , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west . It is also considered part of Central Africa . Burundi 's capital is Bujumbura . The southwestern border is adjacent to Lake Tanganyika .   The Twa , Hutu and Tutsi peoples have lived in Burundi for at least 500 years . For more than 200 of those years , Burundi was an independent kingdom , until the beginning of the 20th century , when Germany colonised the region . After the First World War and Germany 's defeat , it ceded the territory to Belgium . Both Germans and Belgians ruled Burundi and Rwanda as a European colony known as Ruanda-Urundi . Despite common misconceptions , Burundi and Rwanda had never been under common rule until the time of European colonisation .   Burundi gained independence in 1962 and initially had a monarchy , but a series of assassinations , coups and a general climate of regional instability culminated in the establishment of a republic and one-party state in 1966 . Bouts of ethnic cleansing and ultimately two civil wars and genocides during the 1970s and again in the 1990s left the country undeveloped and its population as one of the world 's poorest . 2015 witnessed large-scale political strife as President Pierre Nkurunziza opted to run for a third term in office , a coup attempt failed and the country 's parliamentary and presidential elections were broadly criticised by members of the international community .   Burundi 's political system is that of a presidential representative democratic republic based upon a multi-party state . The President of Burundi is the head of state and head of government . There are currently 21 registered parties in Burundi . On 13 March 1992 , Tutsi coup leader Pierre Buyoya established a constitution , which provided for a multi-party political process and reflected multi-party competition . Six years later , on 6 June 1998 , the constitution was changed , broadening National Assembly 's seats and making provisions for two vice-presidents . Because of the Arusha Accord , Burundi enacted a transitional government in 2000 . In October 2016 , Burundi informed the UN of its intention to withdraw from the International Criminal Court .   Burundi remains an overwhelmingly rural society , with just 13 % of the population living in urban areas in 2013 . The population density of around 315 people per square kilometre -LRB- 753 per sq mi -RRB- is the second highest in Sub-Saharan Africa . Roughly 85 % of the population are of Hutu ethnic origin , 15 % are Tutsi , and fewer than 1 % are indigenous Twa -LRB- or Pygmies -RRB- . The official languages of Burundi are French and Kirundi , although Swahili can be found spoken along the Tanzanian border .   One of the smallest countries in Africa , Burundi has an equatorial climate . Burundi is a part of the Albertine Rift , the western extension of the East African Rift . The country lies on a rolling plateau in the centre of Africa . The highest peak , Mount Heha at 8810 ft , lies to the southeast of the capital , Bujumbura . The source of the River Nile is in Bururi province , and is linked from Lake Victoria to its headwaters via the Ruvyironza River Another major lake is Lake Tanganyika , located in much of Burundi 's southwestern corner . There are two national parks , Kibira National Park to the northwest -LRB- a small region of rain forest , adjacent to Nyungwe Forest National Park in Rwanda -RRB- , Ruvubu National Park to the northeast -LRB- along the Rurubu River , also known as Ruvubu or Ruvuvu -RRB- . Both were established in 1982 to conserve wildlife populations . Burundi 's lands are mostly agricultural or pasture .   Settlement by rural populations has led to deforestation , soil erosion and habitat loss . Deforestation of the entire country is almost completely due to overpopulation , with a mere 230 mi2 remaining and an ongoing loss of about 9 % per annum . In addition to poverty , Burundians often have to deal with corruption , weak infrastructure , poor access to health and education services , and hunger . Burundi is densely populated and has had substantial emigration as young people seek opportunities elsewhere . The World Happiness Report 2017 ranked Burundi as the world 's second least happy nation with a rank of 154 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Where the Wild Things Are was released in Australia.", "evidence": "Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy drama film directed by Spike Jonze . Written by Jonze and Dave Eggers , it is adapted from Maurice Sendak 's 1963 children 's book of the same name . It combines live-action , performers in costumes , animatronics , and computer-generated imagery -LRB- CGI -RRB- . The film stars Max Records and features the voices of James Gandolfini , Paul Dano , Lauren Ambrose , Forest Whitaker , Catherine O'Hara , and Chris Cooper . The film centers on a lonely eight-year-old boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the `` Wild Things , '' who declare Max their king .   In the early 1980s , Disney considered adapting the film as a blend of traditionally animated characters and computer-generated environments , but development did not go past a test film to see how the animation hybridizing would result . In 2001 , Universal Studios acquired rights to the book 's adaptation and initially attempted to develop a computer-animated adaptation with Disney animator Eric Goldberg , but the CGI concept was replaced with a live-action one in 2003 , and Goldberg was dropped for Spike Jonze . The film was co-produced by actor Tom Hanks through his production company Playtone and made on an estimated budget of $ 100 million . Where the Wild Things Are was a joint production between Australia , Germany , and the United States , and was filmed principally in Melbourne .   The film was released on October 16 , 2009 , in the United States , on December 3 in Australia , and on December 17 in Germany . The film was met with mostly positive reviews and appeared on many year-end top ten lists . The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 2 , 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Furious 7 is a TV show.", "evidence": "Furious 7 -LRB- alternatively known as Fast & Furious 7 and Fast 7 -RRB- is a 2015 American action film directed by James Wan and written by Chris Morgan . It is the seventh installment in The Fast and the Furious franchise . The film stars Vin Diesel , Paul Walker , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris ` Ludacris ' Bridges , Jordana Brewster , Djimon Hounsou , Kurt Russell , and Jason Statham . Furious 7 follows Dominic Toretto -LRB- Diesel -RRB- , Brian O'Conner -LRB- Walker -RRB- , and the rest of their team , who have returned to the United States to live normal lives after securing amnesty for their past crimes in Fast & Furious 6 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , until Deckard Shaw -LRB- Statham -RRB- , a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his comatose younger brother , puts the team in danger once again .   With the previous three installments set between 2 Fast 2 Furious -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Furious 7 is the first installment in the franchise to take place after Tokyo Drift . The film also marks the final film appearance of Walker , who died in a single-vehicle crash on November 30 , 2013 with filming only half-completed . Following Walker 's death , filming was delayed for script rewrites , and his brothers , Caleb and Cody , were used as stand-ins to complete his remaining scenes . These script rewrites completed the story arcs for both Walker and Brewster 's characters -LRB- Brian O'Conner and Mia Toretto , respectively -RRB- , causing both to be retired . As a result , it is also the final installment in the franchise to star Brewster .   Plans for a seventh installment were first announced in February 2012 when Johnson stated that production on the film would begin after the completion of Fast & Furious 6 . In April 2013 , Wan , predominantly known for horror films , was announced to direct the film in place of Justin Lin , who left the franchise after directing the previous four installments . Casting began in the same month with the re-signing of Diesel and Walker , and an initial release date was set . Principal photography began in Atlanta , Georgia , in September 2013 , resumed in April 2014 and ended in July 2014 , with other filming locations including Los Angeles , Colorado , Abu Dhabi , and Tokyo .   Furious 7 premiered in Los Angeles on April 1 , 2015 , and was theatrically released in the United States on April 3 , 2015 , playing in 3D , IMAX 3D , and 4DX internationally . Upon release , the film became a critical and commercial success , with praise being aimed at the film 's action sequences and its tribute to Walker . The film grossed $ 397.6 million worldwide during its opening weekend , which is the sixth highest-grossing opening of all time . The film has grossed over $ 1.5 billion worldwide -- more than the franchise 's first five installments combined -- making it the highest-grossing film of the franchise after just twelve days , the third highest-grossing film of 2015 and the sixth highest-grossing film of all time . A sequel , The Fate of the Furious , was released on April 14 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sarah Paulson received a Golden Globe Award nomination.", "evidence": "Sarah Catharine Paulson -LRB- born December 17 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actress . After beginning her acting career on stage , she starred in the 1990s television series American Gothic -LRB- 1995 -- 96 -RRB- and Jack & Jill -LRB- 1999 -- 2001 -RRB- . Paulson later appeared in comedy films such as What Women Want -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and Down with Love -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and had dramatic roles in films such as Path to War -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and The Notorious Bettie Page -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . From 2006 to 2007 , Paulson played the role of Harriet Hayes in the NBC comedy-drama series Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip , for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination . In 2008 , she starred as Ellen Dolan in the superhero noir film The Spirit .   Paulson has appeared on Broadway in the plays The Glass Menagerie -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and Collected Stories -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . She also starred in a number of independent films , and had a leading role on the ABC comedy series Cupid in 2009 . She later starred in the independent drama Martha Marcy May Marlene -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , and received Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for her performance as Nicolle Wallace in the HBO film Game Change -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Paulson starred as Mary Epps in the 2013 historical drama film 12 Years a Slave and as Abby Gerhard in the 2015 drama film Carol . Both films received widespread critical acclaim and were nominated for multiple Academy Awards .   In 2011 , Paulson began starring in the FX anthology series American Horror Story , playing different characters in each of the show 's six seasons . For her work throughout the series , she has been nominated for four Primetime Emmy Awards -LRB- 2013 -- 16 -RRB- and won two Critics ' Choice Television Awards for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries -LRB- 2013 and 2015 -RRB- . In 2016 , Paulson portrayed real life prosecutor Marcia Clark in the first season of the anthology series American Crime Story , subtitled The People v. O. J. Simpson . For her work in the series , she has been awarded the Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Movie/Miniseries , Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie , TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama , and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Miniseries or Television Film as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie .   According to Time magazine , she is one of the 100 most influential people of the year 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Caroline, Princess of Hanover is married to anyone but an heir.", "evidence": "Caroline , Princess of Hanover -LRB- Caroline Louise Marguerite ; born 23 January 1957 -RRB- , is the eldest child of Rainier III , Prince of Monaco , and American actress Grace Kelly . She is the elder sister of Prince Albert II and Princess St\u00e9phanie . Until the births of her niece and nephew Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques of Monaco in December 2014 she had been heir presumptive to the throne of Monaco since 2005 , a position which she previously held from 1957 to 1958 .   Caroline is married to Ernst August , Prince of Hanover -LRB- born 1954 -RRB- , the heir to the former throne of the Kingdom of Hanover , as well as the heir male of George III of the United Kingdom .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Grey's Anatomy is filmed in the United States.", "evidence": "Grey 's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company -LRB- ABC -RRB- as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 . The series focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns , residents and attending physicians , as they evolve into seasoned doctors while trying to maintain personal lives and relationships . The title is a play on Gray 's Anatomy , a human anatomy textbook by Henry Gray . The show 's premise originated with Shonda Rhimes , who serves as an executive producer , along with Betsy Beers , Mark Gordon , Krista Vernoff , Rob Corn , Mark Wilding , and Allan Heinberg . Although it is set in Seattle at the fictional Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital -LRB- formerly Seattle Grace -RRB- it is primarily filmed in Los Angeles , California . The show was originally titled Complications , a reference to the complicated medical procedures and personal lives of the characters .   The series was created to be racially diverse , utilizing a color-blind casting technique . It revolves around the title character , Dr. Meredith Grey , played by Ellen Pompeo . The original cast consisted of nine star-billed actors : Pompeo , Sandra Oh , Katherine Heigl , Justin Chambers , T. R. Knight , Chandra Wilson , James Pickens Jr. , Isaiah Washington and Patrick Dempsey . The cast has undergone major changes through the show 's run , with many members leaving and being replaced by others . In its twelfth season , the show had a large ensemble of sixteen actors , including four from the original cast . On February 10 , 2017 , ABC renewed Grey 's Anatomy for a fourteenth season , which will premiere in the fall of 2017 .   Grey 's Anatomy , even in its thirteenth season , is ABC 's highest-rated drama ; although its ratings have fallen over the course of its run -LRB- it was once among the overall top 10 shows in the United States -RRB- , it is still one of the highest rated shows among the 18 -- 49 demographic , and the No. 3 drama on all of broadcast television . Grey 's Anatomy has been well received by critics throughout much of its run , and has been included in various critics 's year-end top ten lists . Since its inception , the show has been described by the media outlets as a television `` phenomenon '' or a `` juggernaut , '' owing to its longevity and dominant ratings . It is considered to have had a significant impact on popular culture and has received numerous awards , including the 2007 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series -- Drama . It has received multiple Emmy nominations , including two for Outstanding Drama Series . In 2012 , Grey 's Anatomy was named the fifth-highest revenue earning show , in terms of advertising per half-hour . It is the longest running scripted primetime show currently airing on ABC , and the second-longest scripted primetime ABC show ever .  California -LRB- -LSB- k\u00e6l\u1d7b\u02c8f\u0254\u02d0rnj\u0259 , _ - ni.\u0259 -RSB- , -RRB- is the most populous state in the United States and the third most extensive by area . Located on the western -LRB- Pacific Ocean -RRB- coast of the U.S. , California is bordered by the other U.S. states of Oregon , Nevada , and Arizona and shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California . The state capital is Sacramento . Los Angeles is California 's most populous city , and the country 's second largest after New York City . The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation 's second - and fifth-most populous urban regions , respectively . California also has the nation 's most populous county , Los Angeles County , and its largest county by area , San Bernardino County .   California 's diverse geography ranges from the Pacific Coast in the west to the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the east ; and from the redwood -- Douglas fir forests in the northwest to the Mojave Desert in the southeast . The Central Valley , a major agricultural area , dominates the state 's center . Though California is well-known for its warm Mediterranean climate , the large size of the state means it can vary from moist temperate rainforest in the north , to arid desert in the interior , as well as snowy alpine in the mountains .   What is now California was first settled by various Native American tribes before being explored by a number of European expeditions during the 16th and 17th centuries . The Spanish Empire then claimed it as part of Alta California in their New Spain colony . The area became a part of Mexico in 1821 following its successful war for independence , but was ceded to the United States in 1848 after the Mexican -- American War . The western portion of Alta California then was organized as the State of California , and admitted as the 31st state on September 9 , 1850 . The California Gold Rush starting in 1848 led to dramatic social and demographic changes , with large-scale emigration from the east and abroad with an accompanying economic boom .   If it were a country , California would be the 6th largest economy in the world and the 35th most populous . It is also regarded as a global trendsetter in both popular culture and politics , and is the origin of the film industry , the hippie counterculture , the Internet , and the personal computer , among others . Fifty-eight percent of the state 's economy is centered on finance , government , real estate services , technology , and professional , scientific and technical business services . The San Francisco Bay Area has the nation 's highest median household income by metropolitan area , and is the headquarters of three of the world 's largest 40 firms by revenue , Chevron , Apple , and McKesson . Although it accounts for only 1.5 percent of the state 's economy , California 's agriculture industry has the highest output of any U.S. state .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau was not in a Danish thriller film.", "evidence": "Nikolaj Coster-Waldau -LRB- -LSB- ne\u0261\u030aola\u026a\u032f k\u02b0\u028csd\u0325\u0250 \u02c8\u028bald\u0325\u0251\u028a\u032f -RSB- ; born 27 July 1970 -RRB- is a Danish actor , producer and screenwriter . He graduated from Danish National School of Theatre in Copenhagen in 1993 . Coster-Waldau 's breakthrough performance in Denmark was his role in the film Nightwatch -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . Since then he has appeared in numerous films in his native Scandinavia and Europe in general , including Headhunters -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and A Thousand Times Good Night -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .   In the United States , his debut film role was in the war film Black Hawk Down -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , playing Medal of Honor recipient Gary Gordon . He then played Detective John Amsterdam in the short-lived Fox television series New Amsterdam -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , as well as appearing as Frank Pike in the 2009 Fox television film Virtuality , originally intended as a pilot . He became widely known to a broad audience for his current role as Ser Jaime Lannister , in the HBO series Game of Thrones . In 2017 , he became one of the highest paid actors on television and earned # 2 million per episode of Game of Thrones .  Nightwatch -LRB- Nattevagten -RRB- is a 1994 Danish thriller film directed and written by Danish director Ole Bornedal . The film involves Martin -LRB- Nikolaj Coster-Waldau -RRB- who gets a student job as night watchman at the Forensic Medicine Institute . When making his rounds he finds he must go to where the deceased people are kept . At the same time , a series of murders occur among women in Copenhagen as well as mysterious and unexplained things happening in the medical department .   Nightwatch was a success in Denmark and was shown at the Fantafestival in 1995 . An American remake of the film which was also directed by Bornedal , was released in 1997 . The original Nightwatch was included on a list of the top 100 Danish film as chosen by Kosmorama .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sean Connery won three Golden Globes.", "evidence": "Sir Thomas Sean Connery KB -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0283\u0254\u02d0n_\u02c8k\u0252n\u0259ri -RSB- born 25 August 1930 -RRB- is a retired Scottish actor and producer who has won an Academy Award , two BAFTA Awards -LRB- one of them being a BAFTA Academy Fellowship Award -RRB- and three Golden Globes -LRB- including the Cecil B. DeMille Award and a Henrietta Award -RRB- . He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2000 after receiving Kennedy Center Honors in the US in 1999 .   Connery was the first actor to portray the character James Bond in film , starring in seven Bond films between 1962 and 1983 . In 1988 , Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in The Untouchables . His film career also includes such films as Marnie , The Name of the Rose , The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen , Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , The Hunt for Red October , Finding Forrester , Highlander , Murder on the Orient Express , Dragonheart , and The Rock .   Connery has been polled as `` The Greatest Living Scot '' and `` Scotland 's Greatest Living National Treasure '' . In 1989 , he was proclaimed `` Sexiest Man Alive '' by People magazine , and in 1999 , at age 69 , he was voted `` Sexiest Man of the Century '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gujarat is in Western Boston.", "evidence": "Gujarat -LRB- -LSB- , gUdZ@'raht -RSB- -LSB- \u02c8\u0261ud\u0292 \u027ea\u02d0t\u032a -RSB- -RRB- is a state in Western India , It has an area of 196024 km2 with a coastline of 1600 km , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula , and a population in excess of 60 million . The state is bordered by Rajasthan to the north , Maharashtra to the south , Madhya Pradesh to the east , and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west . Its capital city is Gandhinagar , while its largest city is Ahmedabad . Gujarat is home to the Gujarati-speaking people of India .   The state encompasses some sites of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization , such as Lothal and Dholavira . Lothal is believed to be one of the world 's first seaports . Gujarat 's coastal cities , chiefly Bharuch and Khambhat , served as ports and trading centres in the Maurya and Gupta empires , and during the succession of royal Saka dynasties from the Western Satraps era .   Gujarat was known to the ancient Greeks , and was familiar in other Western centres of civilisation through the end of the European Middle Ages . The oldest written record of Gujarat 's 2,000-year maritime history is documented in a Greek book titled The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea : Travel and Trade in the Indian Ocean by a Merchant of the First Century .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell proliferation.", "evidence": "Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body . Not all tumors are cancerous ; benign tumors do not spread to other parts of the body . Possible signs and symptoms include a lump , abnormal bleeding , prolonged cough , unexplained weight loss and a change in bowel movements . While these symptoms may indicate cancer , they may have other causes . Over 100 types of cancers affect humans .   Tobacco use is the cause of about 22 % of cancer deaths . Another 10 % is due to obesity , poor diet , lack of physical activity , and excessive drinking of alcohol . Other factors include certain infections , exposure to ionizing radiation and environmental pollutants . In the developing world nearly 20 % of cancers are due to infections such as hepatitis B , hepatitis C and human papillomavirus -LRB- HPV -RRB- . These factors act , at least partly , by changing the genes of a cell . Typically many genetic changes are required before cancer develops . Approximately 5 -- 10 % of cancers are due to inherited genetic defects from a person 's parents . Cancer can be detected by certain signs and symptoms or screening tests . It is then typically further investigated by medical imaging and confirmed by biopsy .   Many cancers can be prevented by not smoking , maintaining a healthy weight , not drinking too much alcohol , eating plenty of vegetables , fruits and whole grains , vaccination against certain infectious diseases , not eating too much processed and red meat , and avoiding too much sunlight exposure . Early detection through screening is useful for cervical and colorectal cancer . The benefits of screening in breast cancer are controversial . Cancer is often treated with some combination of radiation therapy , surgery , chemotherapy , and targeted therapy . Pain and symptom management are an important part of care . Palliative care is particularly important in people with advanced disease . The chance of survival depends on the type of cancer and extent of disease at the start of treatment . In children under 15 at diagnosis the five-year survival rate in the developed world is on average 80 % . For cancer in the United States the average five-year survival rate is 66 % .   In 2015 about 90.5 million people had cancer . About 14.1 million new cases occur a year -LRB- not including skin cancer other than melanoma -RRB- . It caused about 8.8 million deaths -LRB- 15.7 % -RRB- of human deaths . The most common types of cancer in males are lung cancer , prostate cancer , colorectal cancer and stomach cancer . In females , the most common types are breast cancer , colorectal cancer , lung cancer and cervical cancer . If skin cancer other than melanoma were included in total new cancers each year it would account for around 40 % of cases . In children , acute lymphoblastic leukaemia and brain tumors are most common except in Africa where non-Hodgkin lymphoma occurs more often . In 2012 , about 165,000 children under 15 years of age were diagnosed with cancer . The risk of cancer increases significantly with age and many cancers occur more commonly in developed countries . Rates are increasing as more people live to an old age and as lifestyle changes occur in the developing world . The financial costs of cancer were estimated at $ 1.16 trillion US dollars per year as of 2010 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Marion Cotillard portrayed someone.", "evidence": "Marion Cotillard -LRB- -LSB- ma.\u0281j\u0254\u0303 k\u0254.ti.ja\u0281 -RSB- ; born 30 September 1975 -RRB- is a French actress , singer-songwriter , musician , environmentalist and spokesperson for Greenpeace who achieved international fame with the film La Vie en Rose -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . She is the recipient of an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , two C\u00e9sar Awards , a European Award , and a Lumi\u00e8res Award . Cotillard has appeared in more than 50 feature films and is also known for being the face of Lady Dior handbags since 2008 . She became a Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters in France in 2010 and promoted to Officer in 2016 . Was named `` The Most Bankable French Actress of the 21st Century '' in 2014 , and described as `` the great silent film actress of our time '' by The Daily Telegraph 's Robbie Collin , for her ability to show emotions only with her eyes and facial expressions , although she has never appeared in a silent film . She received France 's highest honor and was made a Knight of the Legion of Honour in 2016 .   Cotillard had her first English-language role in the TV series Highlander in 1993 , made her film debut in The Story of a Boy Who Wanted to Be Kissed -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , her first leading role in the TV film Chlo\u00e9 -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , and made her breakthrough in France playing Lilly Bertineau in the action-comedy Taxi -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which earned her a C\u00e9sar Award nomination for Most Promising Actress and was her first box office hit . She made her Hollywood debut as Jos\u00e9phine Bloom in Tim Burton 's Big Fish -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .   Since 2003 , Cotillard has alternated between French and English-language roles in mainstream and art-house productions , and has received international acclaim and awards for her performances in films such as Tina Lombardi in A Very Long Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , for which she won her first C\u00e9sar Award for Best Supporting Actress . For her portrayal of the French singer \u00c9dith Piaf in the biopic La Vie en Rose -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Cotillard achieved worldwide recognition and won her second C\u00e9sar Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Lumi\u00e8res Award and the Academy Award for Best Actress , becoming the first and -LRB- as of 2017 -RRB- only actor to win an Academy Award for a performance in French , and also the second actress and one of only six actors to have won this award for a part spoken in a foreign language . Her performance of Luisa Contini in the musical film Nine -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , earned her a second Golden Globe nomination . She next starred in Michael Mann 's Public Enemies -LRB- 2009 -RRB- as Billie Frechette , and played Mal in Christopher Nolan 's Inception -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .   In 2012 , she received widespread critical acclaim for her performance as the double amputee orca trainer St\u00e9phanie in Rust and Bone -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and was nominated for the Golden Globes , BAFTAs , Critics ' Choice , Screen Actors Guild and the C\u00e9sar Awards . She was highly acclaimed and awarded for her lead performances in The Immigrant -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Two Days , One Night -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , receiving a second Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for the latter , which was also her second nomination for a French-language film and the first time an actor was nominated for a Belgian film . Cotillard became one of only six actors to receive multiple Academy Award nominations for foreign-language performances .   Cotillard played Joan of Arc on stage in different countries between 2005 and 2015 in the oratorio Jeanne d'Arc au b\u00fbcher . Her English-language roles include Fanny Chenal in A Good Year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Adriana in Midnight in Paris -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Dr. Leonora Orantes in Contagion -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Miranda Tate in The Dark Knight Rises -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Lady Macbeth in Macbeth -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Marianne Beausejour in Allied -LRB- 2016 -RRB- and Dr. Sofia Rikkin in Assassin 's Creed -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . She provided voice acting for animated films as The Rose in The Little Prince -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , April in April and the Extraordinary World -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Scarlet Overkill in the French version of Minions -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . Her other notable French and Belgian films include La Belle Verte -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Furia -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , War in the Highlands -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , Lisa -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Pretty Things -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Love Me If You Dare -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Innocence -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Toi et Moi -LRB- 2006 -RRB- and Dikkenek -LRB- 2006 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chandni was created in 2001.", "evidence": "Chandni -LRB- Translation : Moonlight -RRB- is a 1989 Indian Hindi language romantic drama film , starring Sridevi as the eponymous lead alongside Rishi Kapoor and Vinod Khanna and Waheeda Rehman . It was directed by Yash Chopra and the screenplay was written by Kamna Chandra , Arun Kaul , Sagar Sarhadi and Umesh Kalbagh .   Chandni was a great success in 1989 and is considered one of the most successful films of all time . The profits of this romantic musical brought an end to Chopra 's lean phase . The platinum success of its music was also instrumental in bringing music back into Hindi films .   For the cast , the film reaffirmed Sridevi 's position as the top female star of the 1980s . It prolonged Rishi Kapoor 's fading career and showed that he was still profitable as a leading hero . Chandni provided a boost for Vinod Khanna 's career and reunited Kapoor and Khanna , who were last seen together in the popular Amar Akbar Anthony -LRB- 1977 -RRB- . Sridevi 's white costumes became popular as the ` Chandni Look ' and the songs of the film are still a rage . Though this was not the first time Yash Chopra shot a film in Switzerland , the extensive scenes shot there made it a popular tourist destination for Indians .   Chandni won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film of 1989 and is regarded as one of the Yash Chopra 's best films.\u0926  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ronald Reagan worked for the president of the United States.", "evidence": "Ronald Wilson Reagan -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8r\u0252n\u0259ld_\u02c8w\u026als\u0259n_\u02c8re\u026a\u0261\u0259n -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 -RRB- was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 . Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .   Raised in a poor family in small towns of northern Illinois , Reagan graduated from Eureka College in 1932 and worked as a sports announcer on several regional radio stations . After moving to Hollywood in 1937 , he became an actor and starred in a few major productions . Reagan was twice elected President of the Screen Actors Guild , the labor union for actors , where he worked to root out Communist influence . In the 1950s , he moved into television and was a motivational speaker at General Electric factories . Having been a lifelong Democrat , his views changed . He became a conservative and in 1962 switched to the Republican Party . In 1964 , Reagan 's speech , `` A Time for Choosing '' , in support of Barry Goldwater 's foundering presidential campaign , earned him national attention as a new conservative spokesman . Building a network of supporters , he was elected Governor of California in 1966 . As governor , Reagan raised taxes , turned a state budget deficit to a surplus , challenged the protesters at the University of California , ordered National Guard troops in during a period of protest movements in 1969 , and was re-elected in 1970 . He twice ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidency in 1968 and 1976 ; four years later , he easily won the nomination outright , becoming the oldest elected U.S. president up to that time , defeating incumbent Jimmy Carter in 1980 .   Entering the presidency in 1981 , Reagan implemented sweeping new political and economic initiatives . His supply-side economic policies , dubbed `` Reaganomics '' , advocated tax rate reduction to spur economic growth , control of the money supply to curb inflation , economic deregulation , and reduction in government spending . In his first term he survived an assassination attempt , spurred the War on Drugs , and fought public sector labor . Over his two terms , the economy saw a reduction of inflation from 12.5 % to 4.4 % , and an average annual growth of real GDP of 3.4 ; while Reagan did enact cuts in domestic discretionary spending , tax cuts and increased military spending contributed to increased federal outlays overall , even after adjustment for inflation . During his re-election bid , Reagan campaigned on the notion that it was `` Morning in America '' , winning a landslide in 1984 with the largest electoral college victory in American history . Foreign affairs dominated his second term , including ending of the Cold War , the bombing of Libya , and the Iran -- Contra affair . Publicly describing the Soviet Union as an `` evil empire '' , and during his famous speech at the Brandenburg Gate , President Reagan challenged Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev to `` tear down this wall ! '' . He transitioned Cold War policy from d\u00e9tente to rollback , by escalating an arms race with the USSR while engaging in talks with Gorbachev , which culminated in the INF Treaty , shrinking both countries ' nuclear arsenals . Reagan 's presidency came during the decline of the Soviet Union and just ten months after the end of his term , the Berlin Wall fell , and on December 26 , 1991 , nearly three years after he left office , the Soviet Union collapsed .   Leaving office in 1989 , Reagan held an approval rating of sixty-eight percent , matching those of Franklin D. Roosevelt , and later Bill Clinton , as the highest ratings for departing presidents in the modern era . He was the first president since Dwight D. Eisenhower to serve two full terms , after a succession of five prior presidents failed to do so . While having planned an active post-presidency , in 1994 Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer 's disease earlier that year , appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon ; he died ten years later in 2004 at the age of 93 ; Reagan had the second-longest life out of all the presidents ; the current longest lifespan of a president is held by Gerald Ford , who died two years after Reagan . An icon among Republicans , he is viewed favorably in historian rankings of U.S. presidents , and his tenure constituted a realignment toward conservative policies in the U.S.  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Kill Bill: Volume 2 is about the Bride continuing her revenge against Bill.", "evidence": "Kill Bill : Volume 2 is a 2004 American martial arts film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino . It stars Uma Thurman as the Bride , who continues her campaign of revenge against the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad -LRB- Lucy Liu , Michael Madsen , Daryl Hannah and Vivica A. Fox -RRB- and their leader Bill -LRB- David Carradine -RRB- , who tried to kill her and her unborn child .   Tarantino conceived Kill Bill as a homage to `` grindhouse '' cinema including martial arts films , samurai cinema , blaxploitation films , and spaghetti westerns . It is the second of two Kill Bill films produced simultaneously ; the first , Kill Bill : Volume 1 , was released in 2003 . The films were originally set for a single release , but the film , with a runtime of over four hours , was divided in two . Like Volume 1 , Volume 2 received positive reviews and was a commercial success .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Music journalism is critical of popular music topics.", "evidence": "Music journalism -LRB- or `` music criticism '' -RRB- is media criticism and reporting about popular music topics , including pop music , rock music , and related styles . Journalists began writing about music in the eighteenth century , providing commentary on what is now thought of as classical music . In the 2000s , a more prominent branch of music journalism is an aspect of entertainment journalism , covering popular music and including profiles of singers and bands , live concert , and album reviews .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Tom Felton is an actor.", "evidence": "Thomas Andrew `` Tom '' Felton -LRB- born 22 September 1987 -RRB- is an English actor . Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard . He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in The Borrowers -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in Anna and the King -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . He rose to prominence for his role as Draco Malfoy in the film adaptions of the best-selling Harry Potter fantasy novels by J.K. Rowling . His performances in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1 won him two consecutive MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain in 2010 and 2011 .   Following the conclusion of the series in 2011 , Felton appeared in the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , a reboot of the Planet of the Apes series . He had roles in the minor films From the Rough -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and The Apparition -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , starred as James Ashford in the critically acclaimed period drama film Belle -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , followed by roles in In Secret -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Against the Sun -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Felton 's 2016 films include the epic biblical drama Risen , alongside Joseph Fiennes , and the period biopic A United Kingdom , alongside David Oyelowo and Rosamund Pike . He portrays Julian Albert / Doctor Alchemy on The Flash .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Marvel Cinematic Universe's first phase ended.", "evidence": "The Marvel Cinematic Universe -LRB- MCU -RRB- is an American media franchise and shared universe that is centered on a series of superhero films , independently produced by Marvel Studios and based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics . The franchise has expanded to include comic books , short films , television series and digital series . The shared universe , much like the original Marvel Universe in comic books , was established by crossing over common plot elements , settings , cast , and characters . Phil Coulson , portrayed by Clark Gregg , is an original character to the MCU and the only character to appear across all the different media of the MCU .   The first film released in the MCU was Iron Man -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which began the first phase of films culminating in the crossover film Marvel 's The Avengers -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Phase Two began with Iron Man 3 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , and concluded with Ant-Man -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . The films are currently in Phase Three , which began with the release of Captain America : Civil War -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Marvel Television expanded the universe further , first to network television with Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. on ABC in the 2013 -- 14 television season , followed by online streaming with Marvel 's Daredevil on Netflix in 2015 , and then to cable television with Marvel 's Cloak & Dagger , which is scheduled to air in 2018 on Freeform . Marvel Television has also produced the digital series Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. : Slingshot , which is a supplement to Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Soundtrack albums have been released for all of the films , along with many of television series , as well as the release of compilation albums containing existing music heard in the films . The MCU also includes tie-in comics published by Marvel Comics , while Marvel Studios has also produced a series of direct-to-video short films and a viral marketing campaign for its films and the universe with the faux news program WHIH Newsfront .   The franchise has been commercially successful as a multimedia shared universe , though some critics have found that some of its films and television series have suffered in service of the wider universe . It has inspired other film and television studios with comic book character adaptation rights to attempt to create similar shared universes . The MCU has also been the focus of other media , outside of the shared universe , including attractions at the Disneyland Resort and Discovery Times Square , two television specials , guidebooks for each film , a Lego video game , and a commercial with Coca-Cola .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hulk's coloration has not varied.", "evidence": "The Hulk is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby , the character first appeared in the debut issue of The Incredible Hulk -LRB- May 1962 -RRB- . In his comic book appearances , the character is both the Hulk , a green-skinned , hulking and muscular humanoid possessing a vast degree of physical strength , and his alter ego Bruce Banner , a physically weak , socially withdrawn , and emotionally reserved physicist , the two existing as personalities independent and resenting of the other .   Following his accidental exposure to gamma radiation during the detonation of an experimental bomb , Banner is physically transformed into the Hulk when subjected to emotional stress , at or against his will , often leading to destructive rampages and conflicts that complicate Banner 's civilian life . The Hulk 's level of strength is normally conveyed as proportionate to his level of anger . Commonly portrayed as a raging savage , the Hulk has been represented with other personalities based on Banner 's fractured psyche , from a mindless , destructive force , to a brilliant warrior , or genius scientist in his own right . Despite both Hulk and Banner 's desire for solitude , the character has a large supporting cast , including Banner 's lover Betty Ross , his friend Rick Jones , his cousin She-Hulk , sons Hiro-Kala and Skaar , and his co-founders of the superhero team the Avengers . However , his uncontrollable power has brought him into conflict with his fellow heroes and others .   Lee stated that the Hulk 's creation was inspired by a combination of Frankenstein and Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . Although the Hulk 's coloration has varied throughout the character 's publication history , the most usual color is green . He has two main catchphrases : `` Hulk is strongest one there is ! '' and the better-known `` HULK SMASH ! '' , which has founded the basis for numerous pop culture memes .   One of the most iconic characters in popular culture , the character has appeared on a variety of merchandise , such as clothing and collectable items , inspired real-world structures -LRB- such as theme park attractions -RRB- , and been referenced in a number of media . Banner and the Hulk have been adapted in live-action , animated , and video game incarnations , including the 1970s The Incredible Hulk television series -LRB- played by Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno respectively -RRB- and in film by Eric Bana , Edward Norton and Mark Ruffalo .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Roger Federer avoided tennis entirely.", "evidence": "Roger Federer -LRB- born 8 August 1981 -RRB- is a Swiss professional tennis player . Many players and analysts have called him the greatest male tennis player of all time . Federer turned professional in 1998 and was continuously ranked in the top 10 from October 2002 to November 2016 . He is currently ranked world No. 5 by the Association of Tennis Professionals -LRB- ATP -RRB- .   Federer has won 18 Grand Slam singles titles , the most in history for a male tennis player , and held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a record 237 consecutive weeks and a record total of 302 weeks . In majors , Federer has won seven Wimbledon titles , five Australian Open titles , five US Open titles and one French Open title . He is among the eight men to capture a career Grand Slam . He has reached a record 28 men 's singles Grand Slam finals , including 10 in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open .   Federer 's ATP tournament records include winning a record six ATP World Tour Finals and playing in the finals at all nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments . He also won the Olympic gold medal in doubles with his compatriot Stan Wawrinka at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the Olympic silver medal in singles at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games . Representing Switzerland , he was a part of the 2014 winning Davis Cup team . He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four consecutive years from 2005 to 2008 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Andy Kaufman was an artist.", "evidence": "Andrew G. Kaufman -LRB- January 17 , 1949 -- May 16 , 1984 -RRB- was an American entertainer , actor , writer , performance artist and professional wrestler . While often referred to as a comedian , Kaufman described himself instead as a `` song and dance man . '' He disdained telling jokes and engaging in comedy as it was traditionally understood , once saying in a rare introspective interview , `` I am not a comic , I have never told a joke . ... The comedian 's promise is that he will go out there and make you laugh with him . ... My only promise is that I will try to entertain you as best I can . ''   After working in small comedy clubs in the early 1970s , Kaufman first came to the attention of a wider audience in 1975 , when he was invited to perform portions of his act on the first season of Saturday Night Live . His Foreign Man character was the basis of his role as Latka Gravas on the hit television show Taxi , on which he appeared from 1978 until 1983 . During this time , he continued to tour comedy clubs and theaters in a series of unique performance art / comedy shows , sometimes appearing as himself and sometimes as obnoxiously rude lounge singer Tony Clifton . He was also a frequent guest on sketch comedy and late-night talk shows , particularly Late Night with David Letterman . In 1982 , Kaufman brought his professional wrestling villain act to Letterman 's show with a staged encounter with Jerry `` The King '' Lawler of the Continental Wrestling Association -LRB- although the fact that the altercation was planned in advance was not publicly disclosed for over a decade -RRB- .   Kaufman died of lung cancer at age 35 in 1984 . However , because pranks and elaborate ruses were major elements of his career , persistent rumors have circulated insisting that Kaufman faked his own death as a grand hoax . His body of work maintains a cult following and he continues to be respected for his original material , unique performance style , and unflinching commitment to character .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bruce Springsteen was a Kennedy Center Honors recipient in 2009.", "evidence": "Bruce Frederick Joseph Springsteen -LRB- born September 23 , 1949 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter . He is known for his work with the E Street Band . Nicknamed `` The Boss '' , Springsteen is widely known for his brand of poetic lyrics , Americana , working class and sometimes political sentiments centered on his native New Jersey , his distinctive voice , and his lengthy and energetic stage performances -- with concerts from the 1970s to the present decade running at up to four hours in length .   Springsteen 's recordings have included both commercially accessible rock albums and more somber folk-oriented works . His most successful studio albums , Born to Run -LRB- 1975 -RRB- and Born in the U.S.A. -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , find pleasures in the struggles of daily American life . He has sold more than 120 million records worldwide and more than 64 million records in the United States , making him one of the world 's best-selling artists of all time . He has earned numerous awards for his work , including 20 Grammy Awards , two Golden Globes , and an Academy Award as well as being inducted into both the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame in 1999 . In 2009 , Springsteen was a Kennedy Center Honors recipient , in 2013 was named MusiCares person of the year and in 2016 was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .   He married Patti Scialfa in 1991 , and the couple have had three children -- Evan James , Jessica Rae and Sam Ryan .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Planet of the Apes is a squid.", "evidence": "Planet of the Apes is a 1968 American science fiction film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner . It stars Charlton Heston , Roddy McDowall , Kim Hunter , Maurice Evans , James Whitmore , James Daly and Linda Harrison . The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Rod Serling was loosely based on the 1963 French novel La Plan\u00e8te des Singes by Pierre Boulle . Jerry Goldsmith composed the groundbreaking avant-garde score . It was the first in a series of five films made between 1968 and 1973 , all produced by Arthur P. Jacobs and released by 20th Century Fox .   The film tells the story of an astronaut crew who crash-land on a strange planet in the distant future . Although the planet appears desolate at first , the surviving crew members stumble upon a society in which apes have evolved into creatures with human-like intelligence and speech . The apes have assumed the role of the dominant species and humans are mute creatures wearing animal skins .   The script was originally written by Rod Serling , but underwent many rewrites before filming eventually began . Directors J. Lee Thompson and Blake Edwards were approached , but the film 's producer Arthur P. Jacobs , upon the recommendation of Charlton Heston , chose Franklin J. Schaffner to direct the film . Schaffner 's changes included an ape society less advanced -- and therefore less expensive to depict -- than that of the original novel . Filming took place between May 21 and August 10 , 1967 , in California , Utah and Arizona , with desert sequences shot in and around Lake Powell , Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . The film 's final `` closed '' cost was $ 5.8 million .   The film was released on February 8 , 1968 , in the United States and was a commercial success , earning a lifetime domestic gross of $ 32.6 million . The film was groundbreaking for its prosthetic makeup techniques by artist John Chambers and was well received by critics and audiences , launching a film franchise , including four sequels , as well as a short-lived television show , animated series , comic books , and various merchandising . In particular , Roddy McDowall had a long-running relationship with the Apes series , appearing in four of the original five films -LRB- absent , apart from a brief voiceover , from the second film of the series , Beneath the Planet of the Apes , in which he was replaced by David Watson in the role of Cornelius -RRB- , and also in the television series .   The original series was followed by Tim Burton 's remake Planet of the Apes in 2001 and the reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes in 2011 . Also in 2001 , Planet of the Apes was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Hayden Panettiere is a person.", "evidence": "Hayden Leslie Panettiere -LRB- born August 21 , 1989 -RRB- is an American actress , model , singer , and activist . She is known for her roles as cheerleader Claire Bennet on the NBC sci-fi series Heroes -LRB- 2006 -- 10 -RRB- , Juliette Barnes in the ABC/CMT musical-drama series Nashville -LRB- 2012 -- present -RRB- and Kairi in the video game series Kingdom Hearts .   A native of New York City , she first appeared in a commercial at the age of 11 months . She began her acting career by playing Sarah Roberts on One Life to Live -LRB- 1994 -- 97 -RRB- , and Lizzie Spaulding on Guiding Light -LRB- 1996 -- 2000 -RRB- , before starring at age 10 as Sheryl Yoast in the Disney feature film Remember the Titans . Other notable roles include her portrayal of the title character in the true crime drama Amanda Knox : Murder on Trial in Italy and Kirby Reed in the slasher film Scream 4 . She received two nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress -- Series , Miniseries or Television Film , for her work on Nashville in 2012 and 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A Song of Ice and Fire is by George Raymond Richard Martin.", "evidence": "A Song of Ice and Fire is a series of epic fantasy novels by the American novelist and screenwriter George R. R. Martin . He began the first volume of the series , A Game of Thrones , in 1991 and had it published in 1996 . Martin , who initially envisioned the series as a trilogy , has published five out of a planned seven volumes . The fifth and most recent volume of the series published in 2011 , A Dance with Dragons , took Martin five years to write . He is still writing the sixth novel , The Winds of Winter .   A Song of Ice and Fire takes place on the fictional continents Westeros and Essos . The point of view of each chapter in the story is a limited perspective of a range of characters growing from nine , in the first novel , to thirty-one by the fifth . Three main stories interweave a dynastic war among several families for control of Westeros , the rising threat of the supernatural Others in the northernmost reaches of Westeros , and the ambition of Daenerys Targaryen , the deposed king 's exiled daughter , to assume the Iron Throne .   Martin 's inspirations included the Wars of the Roses and the French historical novels The Accursed Kings by Maurice Druon . A Song of Ice and Fire received praise for its diverse portrayal of women and religion , as well as its realism . An assortment of disparate and subjective points of view confronts the reader , and the success or survival of point of view characters is never assured . Within the often morally ambiguous world of A Song of Ice and Fire , questions concerning loyalty , pride , human sexuality , piety , and the morality of violence frequently arise .   As of April 2015 , the books have sold more than 60 million copies worldwide and , as of January 2017 , have been translated into 47 languages . The fourth and fifth volumes reached the top of The New York Times Best Seller lists upon their releases . Among the many derived works are several prequel novellas , a TV series , a comic book adaptation , and several card , board , and video games .  -RCB- -RCB-   George Raymond Richard Martin -LRB- born George Raymond Martin ; September 20 , 1948 -RRB- , often referred to as GRRM , is an American novelist and short-story writer in the fantasy , horror , and science fiction genres , screenwriter , and television producer . He is best known for his international bestselling series of epic fantasy novels , A Song of Ice and Fire , which was later adapted into the HBO dramatic series Game of Thrones .   Martin serves as the series ' co-executive producer , and also scripted four episodes of the series . In 2005 , Lev Grossman of Time called Martin `` the American Tolkien '' , and the magazine later named him one of the `` 2011 Time 100 '' , a list of the `` most influential people in the world . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Oh Yeon-seo worked in a group.", "evidence": "Oh Yeon-seo -LRB- born Oh Haet-nim , on June 22 , 1987 -RRB- , is a South Korean actress and former member of South Korean girl group , LUV . She is best known for her roles in television dramas My Husband Got a Family -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Jang Bo-ri is Here ! -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Shine or Go Crazy -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Please Come Back , Mister -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mango is the national fruit of the Philippines.", "evidence": "Mangoes are juicy stone fruit -LRB- drupe -RRB- from numerous species of tropical trees belonging to the flowering plant genus Mangifera , cultivated mostly for their edible fruit . The majority of these species are found in nature as wild mangoes . The genus belongs to the cashew family Anacardiaceae . Mangoes are native to South Asia , from where the `` common mango '' or `` Indian mango '' , Mangifera indica , has been distributed worldwide to become one of the most widely cultivated fruits in the tropics . Other Mangifera species -LRB- e.g. horse mango , Mangifera foetida -RRB- are also grown on a more localized basis .   It is the national fruit of India , Pakistan , and the Philippines , and the national tree of Bangladesh .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "George Best has been described as \"the worst player to ever pull on the green shirt of Wales.\"", "evidence": "George Best -LRB- 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 -RRB- was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team . In 1968 , he won the European Cup with Manchester United , and was named the European Footballer of the Year and FWA Footballer of the Year . The Irish Football Association described him as the `` greatest player to ever pull on the green shirt of Northern Ireland '' .   Born and brought up in Belfast , Best began his club career in England with Manchester United , with the scout who had spotted his talent at the age of 15 sending a telegram to manager Matt Busby which read : `` I think I 've found you a genius . '' After making his debut for United aged 17 , he scored 179 goals from 470 appearances over 11 years , and was the club 's top goalscorer in the league for five consecutive seasons .   One of the greatest dribblers of all time , his playing style combined pace , skill , balance , feints , two-footedness , goalscoring and the ability to beat defenders . Best unexpectedly quit United in 1974 at age 27 , but returned to football for a number of clubs around the world in short spells , until retiring in 1984 , age 37 . In international football , he was capped 37 times and scored nine goals between 1964 and 1977 , although a combination of the team 's performance and his lack of fitness in 1982 meant that he never played in the finals of a European Championship or World Cup .   Best was one of the first celebrity footballers , earning the nickname `` El Beatle '' in 1966 , but his subsequent extravagant lifestyle led to various problems , most notably alcoholism , which he suffered from for the rest of his life . These issues affected him on and off the field , at times causing controversy . He said of his career : `` I spent a lot of money on booze , birds -LSB- women -RSB- and fast cars -- the rest I just squandered '' . After football , he spent some time as a football analyst , but his financial and health problems continued into his retirement . He died in 2005 , age 59 , due to complications from the immunosuppressive drugs he needed to take after a liver transplant in 2002 . Best was married twice , to two former models , Angie Best and then Alex Best . His son Calum Best was born in 1981 from his first marriage .   Before he died , Best was voted 8th in the World Soccer 100 greatest football players of the 20th century election in 1999 and was voted 16th in the IFFHS World Player of the Century election in 1999 . He was on the six man short list for the BBC 's Sports Personality of the Century in 1999 . Best was one of the inaugural 22 inductees into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002 . In 2004 , he was voted 19th in the public UEFA Golden Jubilee Poll and was named in the FIFA 100 list of the world 's greatest living players . Former Brazilian footballer Pel\u00e9 stated , `` George Best was the greatest player in the world '' . Best was once quoted as saying , `` Pel\u00e9 called me the greatest footballer in the world . That is the ultimate salute to my life . '' On what would have been his 60th birthday , Belfast City Airport was renamed the George Best Belfast City Airport . According to the BBC , Best was remembered by mourners at his public funeral held in Belfast as `` the beautiful boy '' -LSB- with a -RSB- `` beautiful game '' .   Mark Garnett and Richard Weight have explored the enduring appeal of George Best .  The British like their heroes to be tragic ones : possessed of enough glamour and talent for stardom to be lived vicariously through them ; yet flawed and vulnerable enough for the public not to be threatened by their success .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Jesse Bradford.", "evidence": "Bring It On is a 2000 American teen comedy film directed by Peyton Reed and written by Jessica Bendinger . The film stars Kirsten Dunst , Eliza Dushku , Jesse Bradford , and Gabrielle Union . It was the first of the Bring It On film series and was followed by four direct-to-video sequels , none of which contain any of the original cast members : Bring It On Again -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , which shared producers with the original , Bring It On : All or Nothing -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Bring It On : In It to Win It -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and Bring It On : Fight to the Finish -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . The plot of the film centers around a team 's preparation for , and participation in cheerleading competitions .   Bring It On was released in theaters in the North America on August 25 , 2000 . The film received mostly positive reviews , with some critics praising its light nature and humorous take on its subject , and others criticizing its conventional and formulaic plot . Bring It On earned a worldwide gross of approximately $ 90 million , and was considered a financial success . Since its release , the film has become a cult classic .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Roald Dahl writes books.", "evidence": "Roald Dahl -LRB- -LSB- langpron\u02c8ro\u028a.\u0259ld _ \u02c8d\u0251\u02d0l -RSB- , -LSB- \u02c8\u027eu\u02d0\u0251l d\u0251l -RSB- ; 13 September 1916 -- 23 November 1990 -RRB- was a British novelist , short story writer , poet , screenwriter , and fighter pilot . His books have sold more than 250 million copies worldwide .   Born in Wales to Norwegian parents , Dahl served in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War , in which he became a flying ace and intelligence officer , rising to the rank of acting wing commander . He rose to prominence in the 1940s with works for both children and adults and he became one of the world 's best selling authors . He has been referred to as `` one of the greatest storytellers for children of the 20th century '' . His awards for contribution to literature include the 1983 World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement , and the British Book Awards ' Children 's Author of the Year in 1990 . In 2008 , The Times placed Dahl 16th on its list of `` The 50 greatest British writers since 1945 '' .   Dahl 's short stories are known for their unexpected endings and his children 's books for their unsentimental , macabre , often darkly comic mood , featuring villainous adult enemies of the child characters . His books champion the kind-hearted , and feature an underlying warm sentiment . Dahl 's works for children include James and the Giant Peach , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , Matilda , The Witches , Fantastic Mr Fox , The BFG , The Twits and George 's Marvellous Medicine . His adult works include Tales of the Unexpected .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Hypothyroidism can cause mood changes.", "evidence": "Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid , is a common disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone . It can cause a number of symptoms , such as poor ability to tolerate cold , a feeling of tiredness , constipation , depression , and weight gain . Occasionally there may be swelling of the front part of the neck due to goitre . Untreated hypothyroidism during pregnancy can lead to delays in growth and intellectual development in the baby , which is called cretinism .   Worldwide , too little iodine in the diet is the most common cause of hypothyroidism . In countries with enough iodine in the diet , the most common cause of hypothyroidism is the autoimmune condition Hashimoto 's thyroiditis . Less common causes include : previous treatment with radioactive iodine , injury to the hypothalamus or the anterior pituitary gland , certain medications , a lack of a functioning thyroid at birth , or previous thyroid surgery . The diagnosis of hypothyroidism , when suspected , can be confirmed with blood tests measuring thyroid-stimulating hormone -LRB- TSH -RRB- and thyroxine levels .   Prevention at the population level has been with the universal salt iodization . Hypothyroidism can be treated with levothyroxine . The dose is adjusted according to symptoms and normalization of the thyroxine and TSH levels . Thyroid medication is safe in pregnancy . While a certain amount of dietary iodine is important , excessive amounts can worsen certain types of hypothyroidism .   Worldwide about one billion people are estimated to be iodine deficient ; however , it is unknown how often this results in hypothyroidism . In the United States , hypothyroidism occurs in 0.3 -- 0.4 % of people . Subclinical hypothyroidism , a milder form of hypothyroidism characterized by normal thyroxine levels and an elevated TSH level , is thought to occur in 4.3 -- 8.5 % of people in the United States . Hypothyroidism is more common in women than men . People over the age of 60 are more commonly affected . Dogs are also known to develop hypothyroidism and in rare cases cats and horses can also have the disorder . The word `` hypothyroidism '' is from Greek hypo - meaning `` reduced '' , thyreos for `` shield '' , and eidos for `` form . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Jon Watts has only ever been a plumber.", "evidence": "Jon Watts -LRB- born June 28 , 1981 -RRB- is an American film director , producer and screenwriter . Watts directed and co-wrote the upcoming Marvel Studios and Sony Pictures produced Spider-Man : Homecoming , slated for a July 7 , 2017 release .  He directed the films Clown and Cop Car and episodes of the Onion News Network .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Cosmopolitan as of 2011 only contains content which includes articles on dogs.", "evidence": "Cosmopolitan is an international fashion magazine for women . Formerly titled The Cosmopolitan , the magazine was first published in 1886 in the United States as a family magazine ; it was later transformed into a literary magazine and eventually became a women 's magazine in the late 1960s . Often referred to as Cosmo , its content as of 2011 includes articles on women 's issues , relationships , sex , health , careers , self-improvement , celebrities , fashion , and beauty . Published by Hearst Corporation , Cosmopolitan has 64 international editions , is printed in 35 languages , and is distributed in more than 110 countries .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "By area, Nepal is the ninety-third largest country on Earth.", "evidence": "fi     Nepal -LRB- -LSB- Nep\u0101lhelp = no -RSB- -RCB- -RCB- -LSB- ne\u02c8pal -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , is a landlocked central Himalayan country in South Asia . Nepal is divided into 7 provinces and 75 districts and 744 local units including 4 metropolises , 13 sub-metropolises , 246 municipal councils and 481 villages . It has a population of 26.4 million and is the 93rd largest country by area . Bordering China in the north and India in the south , east , and west , it is the largest sovereign Himalayan state . Nepal does not border Bangladesh , which is located within only 27 km -LRB- 17 mi -RRB- of its southeastern tip . Neither does it border Bhutan due to the Indian state of Sikkim being located in between . Nepal has a diverse geography , including fertile plains , subalpine forested hills , and eight of the world 's ten tallest mountains , including Mount Everest , the highest point on Earth . Kathmandu is the nation 's capital and largest city . It is a multiethnic nation with Nepali as the official language .   The territory of Nepal has a recorded history since the Neolithic age . The name `` Nepal '' is first recorded in texts from the Vedic Age , the era which founded Hinduism , the predominant religion of the country . In the middle of the first millennium BCE , Gautama Buddha , the founder of Buddhism , was born in southern Nepal . Parts of northern Nepal were intertwined with the culture of Tibet . The Kathmandu Valley in central Nepal became known as Nepal proper because of its complex urban civilisation . It was the seat of the prosperous Newar confederacy known as Nepal Mandala . The Himalayan branch of the ancient Silk Road was dominated by the valley 's traders . The cosmopolitan region developed distinct traditional art and architecture . By the 18th century , the Gorkha Kingdom achieved the unification of Nepal . The Shah dynasty established the Kingdom of Nepal and later formed an alliance with the British Empire , under its Rana dynasty of premiers . The country was never colonised but served as a buffer state between Imperial China and Colonial India . In the 20th century , Nepal ended its isolation and forged strong ties with regional powers . Parliamentary democracy was introduced in 1951 , but was twice suspended by Nepalese monarchs in 1960 and 2005 . The Nepalese Civil War resulted in the proclamation of a republic in 2008 , ending the reign of the world 's last Hindu monarchy .   Modern Nepal is a federal secular parliamentary republic . It has seven states . Nepal is a developing nation , ranking 144th on the Human Development Index -LRB- HDI -RRB- in 2016 . The country struggles with the transition from a monarchy to a republic . It also suffers from high levels of hunger and poverty . Despite these challenges , Nepal is making steady progress , with the government declaring its commitment to elevate the nation from least developed country status by 2022 . Nepal also has a vast potential to generate hydropower for export .   Nepal 's foreign relations expanded after the Anglo-Nepal Treaty of 1923 , which was recognised by the League of Nations . After a Soviet veto in 1949 , Nepal was admitted to the United Nations in 1955 . Friendship treaties were signed with the Dominion of India in 1950 and the People 's Republic of China in 1960 . Nepal hosts the permanent secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation -LRB- SAARC -RRB- , of which it is a founding member . Nepal is also a member of the Non Aligned Movement and the Bay of Bengal Initiative . The military of Nepal is the fifth largest in South Asia and is notable for its Gurkha history , particularly during the world wars , and has been a significant contributor to United Nations peacekeeping operations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Wentworth premiered on Broadway.", "evidence": "Wentworth is an Australian television drama series . It was first broadcast on SoHo on 1 May 2013 . The series serves as a contemporary reimagining of Prisoner , which ran on Network Ten from 1979 to 1986 . Lara Radulovich and David Hannam developed Wentworth from Reg Watson 's original concept . The series is set in the modern day and begins with Bea Smith -LRB- Danielle Cormack -RRB- 's early days in prison .   For the first three seasons , Wentworth was filmed on purpose-built sets in the suburbs of Clayton , Victoria . Production moved to Newport , Victoria starting with the fourth season . The show has received a mostly positive reception from critics , and the first episode became the most watched Australian drama series premiere in Foxtel history . The series was picked up by several countries , including New Zealand and the UK , where it has been retitled Wentworth Prison .   A fifth season was commissioned on 19 July 2016 , which premiered on 4 April 2017 . A sixth season was commissioned by Foxtel on 9 May 2017 which began filming the following week , and will premiere in 2018 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Fujitsu iPAD was introduced by Fujitsu in 2002.", "evidence": "The Fujitsu iPAD is a lightweight handheld device that was introduced by Fujitsu , in 2002 . It runs Microsoft 's CE.NET operating system . It supports 802.11 b wireless LAN to connect wirelessly with other company infrastructure . The device can support inventory management as well as credit card payments . In January 2010 , when Apple announced the Apple iPad , there was a naming controversy between the two devices . To settle the trademark infringement allegation , Apple purchased the trademark rights from Fujitsu . Some trademark analysts estimate that Apple paid Fujitsu over US$ 4 million in exchange for the March 17 , 2010 assignment of Fujitsu 's iPad trademark rights to Apple .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Cage Warriors is an MMA promotion that held its first event in London.", "evidence": "Cage Warriors Fighting Championship or CWFC is a mixed martial arts promotion , based in London . Cage Warriors was established in 2001 and staged its first MMA event in London in July , 2002 . Currently it has scheduled events in Chechnya , Baghdad and Beirut .   Many of the biggest stars in MMA have made their names under the Cage Warriors banner , including Gegard Mousasi , Conor McGregor and Michael Bisping . CWFC are one of the few top promotions to take their events abroad , travelling throughout countries in Europe , North America and the Middle East . CWFC staged 26 events across 12 different countries in 2012 and 2013 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "American Horror Story: Hotel is a season of an FX romance serialized radio series.", "evidence": "American Horror Story : Hotel is the fifth season of the FX horror anthology television series American Horror Story . It premiered on October 7 , 2015 , and concluded January 13 , 2016 . The series was renewed in October 2014 , with the subtitle Hotel being announced in February 2015 . Hotel marks the first season to not feature series mainstays Jessica Lange and Frances Conroy . Returning cast from previous seasons of the series include : Evan Peters , Sarah Paulson , Denis O'Hare , Lily Rabe , Kathy Bates , Angela Bassett , Chlo\u00eb Sevigny , Finn Wittrock , Wes Bentley , Gabourey Sidibe , Mare Winningham , Matt Bomer , Christine Estabrook , Matt Ross , John Carroll Lynch , and Anthony Ruivivar , along with new cast members Lady Gaga and Cheyenne Jackson . Breaking from the anthological format , like Freak Show , the season is interconnected to the first and third seasons , and features an appearance by the Murder House , its original owner Dr. Charles Montgomery -LRB- Ross -RRB- , its realtor Marcy -LRB- Estabrook -RRB- , and the psychic Billie Dean Howard -LRB- Paulson -RRB- , as well as the appearance of the witch Queenie -LRB- Sidibe -RRB- .   The plot centers around the enigmatic Hotel Cortez in Los Angeles , California , that catches the eye of an intrepid homicide detective -LRB- Bentley -RRB- . The Cortez is host to the strange and bizarre , spearheaded by its owner , The Countess -LRB- Gaga -RRB- , who is a bloodsucking fashionista . The hotel is loosely based on an actual hotel built in 1893 by H. H. Holmes in Chicago , Il . for the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition . It became known as the ` Murder Castle ' as it was built for Holmes to torture , murder , and dispose of evidence just as is the Cortez . This season features two murderous threats in the form of the Ten Commandments Killer , a serial offender who selects his victims in accordance with biblical teachings , and `` the Addiction Demon '' , who roams the hotel armed with a drill bit dildo .   According to creators Brad Falchuk and Ryan Murphy , thematically , Hotel is much darker than previous seasons . Inspiration came from old hotel horror films and actual hotels situated in downtown Los Angeles with a reputation for sinister events , including the Cecil . The cycle also marks a return to filming in Los Angeles , where the first two seasons were shot . Hotel features one of the most expansive sets in American Horror Story history , with production designer Mark Worthington building two stories on a soundstage , along with a working elevator and stairway . In July 2015 , FX launched a marketing campaign for the series , with most trailers and teasers touting Gaga 's involvement .   Although Hotel was originally reported to consist of thirteen episodes -LRB- \u00e0 la Asylum , Coven , and Freak Show -RRB- , that number was later revised to twelve -LRB- \u00e0 la Murder House -RRB- . The season garnered a total of eight Emmy Award nominations , including two acting nominations for Paulson and Bates . It was the first time , however , that a season of American Horror Story was not nominated for Outstanding Limited Series . In addition , Gaga won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Mini-Series or Television Film while Hotel received a nomination for Best Mini-Series or Television Film .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lonesome Dove (miniseries) was nominated for eighteen Emmys in 1989 and won seven.", "evidence": "Lonesome Dove is an American epic Western adventure television miniseries directed by Simon Wincer . It is a four-part adaptation of the 1985 novel of the same name by Larry McMurtry and is the first installment in the Lonesome Dove series . The series stars Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones . The series was originally broadcast by CBS from February 5 to 8 , 1989 , drawing a huge viewing audience , earning numerous awards , and reviving both the television western and the miniseries .   An estimated 26 million homes tuned in to watch Lonesome Dove , unusually high numbers for a Western at that time . The western genre was considered dead by most people , as was the miniseries . By the show 's end , it had earned huge ratings and virtually revamped the entire 1989 -- 1990 television season . A favorite with audiences , as well as critics , Lonesome Dove garnered many honors and awards . At the 1989 Emmy Awards , the miniseries had 18 nominations and seven wins , including one for director Simon Wincer . Lonesome Dove also won two Golden Globes , for Best Miniseries and Best Actor in a Miniseries -LRB- Robert Duvall -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Denial was released in Europe.", "evidence": "Denial is a 2016 British-American historical drama film directed by Mick Jackson and written by David Hare , based on Deborah Lipstadt 's book History on Trial : My Day in Court with a Holocaust Denier . It dramatises the Irving v Penguin Books Ltd case , in which Lipstadt , a Holocaust scholar , was sued by Holocaust denier David Irving for libel . It stars Rachel Weisz , Tom Wilkinson , Timothy Spall , Andrew Scott , Jack Lowden , Caren Pistorius and Alex Jennings .   Denial premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11 , 2016 and was released in the United States on September 30 , 2016 by Bleecker Street . It was released in the United Kingdom on January 27 2017 by Entertainment One .  The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , commonly known as the United Kingdom -LRB- UK -RRB- or Britain , is a sovereign country in western Europe . Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland , the United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain , the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands . Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland.Although Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign state , two of its Overseas Territories also share land borders with other sovereign countries . Gibraltar shares a border with Spain , while the Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia share borders with the Republic of Cyprus , the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and the UN buffer zone separating the two Cypriot polities . Apart from this land border , the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , with the North Sea to its east , the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west , giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world . The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland . With an area of 242500 km2 , the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe . It is also the 21st-most populous country , with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants . Together , this makes it the fourth-most densely populated country in the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- .   The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of governance . The monarch is Queen Elizabeth II , who has reigned since 6 February 1952 . The capital of the United Kingdom and its largest city is London , a global city and financial centre with an urban area population of 10.3 million , the fourth-largest in Europe and second-largest in the European Union . Other major urban areas in the United Kingdom include the conurbations centred on Birmingham , Leeds , Glasgow , Liverpool and Manchester . The United Kingdom consists of four countries -- England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland . The last three have devolved administrations , each with varying powers , based in their capitals , Edinburgh , Cardiff and Belfast , respectively . The nearby Isle of Man , Bailiwick of Guernsey and Bailiwick of Jersey are not part of the United Kingdom , being Crown dependencies with the British Government responsible for defence and international representation .   The relationships among the countries of the UK have changed over time . Wales was annexed by the Kingdom of England under the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 . A treaty between England and Scotland resulted in 1707 in a unified Kingdom of Great Britain , which merged in 1801 with the Kingdom of Ireland to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . Five-sixths of Ireland seceded from the UK in 1922 , leaving the present formulation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.The Anglo-Irish Treaty was signed on 6 December 1921 to resolve the Irish War of Independence . When it took effect one year later , it established the Irish Free State as a separate dominion within the Commonwealth . The UK 's current name was adopted to reflect the change . There are fourteen British Overseas Territories . These are the remnants of the British Empire which , at its height in the 1920s , encompassed almost a quarter of the world 's land mass and was the largest empire in history . British influence can be observed in the language , culture and legal systems of many of its former colonies .   The United Kingdom is a developed country and has the world 's fifth-largest economy by nominal GDP and ninth-largest economy by purchasing power parity . The UK is considered to have a high-income economy and is categorised as very high in the Human Development Index , ranking 16th in the world . It was the world 's first industrialised country and the world 's foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries . The UK remains a great power with considerable economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence internationally . It is a recognised nuclear weapons state and is seventh in military expenditure in the world . The UK has been a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council since its first session in 1946 . It has been a leading member state of the EU and its predecessor , the European Economic Community -LRB- EEC -RRB- , since 1973 . However , on 23 June 2016 , a national referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU resulted in a decision to leave , and its exit from the EU is currently being negotiated . The UK is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , the Council of Europe , the G7 finance ministers , the G7 forum , the G20 , NATO , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , and the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Avatar: The Last Airbender's antagonist is Aang.", "evidence": "Avatar : The Last Airbender -LRB- Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions -RRB- is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons -LRB- referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card -RRB- on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 . Avatar : The Last Airbender is set in an Asiatic-like world in which some people are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts , known as `` bending '' . The show combines the styles of anime and American cartoons , and relies on the imagery of various East Asian , Inuit , Southeast Asian , South Asian , and New World societies . Therefore , whether or not the series can be considered as an anime work is often discussed .   The series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends , who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord 's war against the other three nations .  The pilot episode first aired on February 21 , 2005 , and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour episode on July 19 , 2008 .  The show is obtainable from various sources , including DVD , the iTunes Store , the Zune Marketplace , the Xbox Live Marketplace , the PlayStation Store , Netflix , Amazon Video , and the Nicktoons Network .   Throughout its run , Avatar : The Last Airbender was universally acclaimed by audiences and critics alike . Praises went to the art direction , humor , cultural references , characters , and themes . It was also commercially successful , garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best-rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup , even outside of its 6 - to 11-year-old demographic . The series has been nominated for and won awards from the Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award and a Peabody Award , among others . The first season 's success prompted Nickelodeon to order second and third seasons .   In other media , the series has spawned a critically panned , but financially successful , live-action film , titled The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan ; scaled action figures ; a trading card game ; three video games ; stuffed animals distributed by Paramount Parks and two Lego sets . An art book was also released in mid-2010 . A sequel series , The Legend of Korra , aired from 2012 to 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Apple was not founded in 1976.", "evidence": "Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software , and online services . The company 's hardware products include the iPhone smartphone , the iPad tablet computer , the Mac personal computer , the iPod portable media player , the Apple Watch smartwatch , and the Apple TV digital media player . Apple 's consumer software includes the macOS and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media player , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites . Its online services include the iTunes Store , the iOS App Store and Mac App Store , Apple Music , and iCloud .   Apple was founded by Steve Jobs , Steve Wozniak , and Ronald Wayne in April 1976 to develop and sell personal computers . It was incorporated as Apple Computer , Inc. in January 1977 , and sales of its computers saw significant momentum and revenue growth for the company . Within a few years , they had hired a staff of computer designers and had a production line . Apple went public in 1980 to instant financial success . Over the next few years , Apple shipped new computers featuring innovative graphical user interfaces , and Apple 's marketing commercials for its products received widespread critical acclaim . However , the high price tag of its products and limited software titles caused problems , as did power struggles between executives at the company . Jobs resigned from Apple and created his own company . As the market for personal computers increased , Apple 's computers saw diminishing sales due to lower-priced products from competitors , in particular those offered with the Microsoft Windows operating system . More executive job shuffles happened at Apple until then-CEO Gil Amelio in 1997 decided to buy Jobs ' company to bring him back . Jobs regained position as CEO , and began a process to rebuild Apple 's status , which included opening Apple 's own retail stores in 2001 , making numerous acquisitions of software companies to create a portfolio of software titles , and changed some of the hardware technology used in its computers . It again saw success and returned to profitability . In January 2007 , Jobs announced that Apple Computer , Inc. would be renamed Apple Inc. to reflect its shifted focus toward consumer electronics , and announced the iPhone , which saw critical acclaim and significant financial success . In August 2011 , Jobs resigned as CEO due to health complications , and Tim Cook became the new CEO . Two months later , Jobs died , marking the end of an era for the company .   Apple is the world 's largest information technology company by revenue , and the world 's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer after Samsung . In February 2015 , Apple became the first U.S. company to be valued at over US$ 700billion . The company employs 116,000 full-time employees and maintains 496 retail stores in 21 countries . It operates the iTunes Store , which is the world 's largest music retailer . , more than one billion Apple products are actively in use worldwide .   Apple 's worldwide annual revenue totaled $ 215billion for the 2016 fiscal year . The company enjoys a high level of brand loyalty and has been repeatedly ranked as the world 's most valuable brand . However , it receives significant criticism regarding the labor practices of its contractors and its environmental and business practices , including the origins of source materials .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is genre fiction.", "evidence": "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn . It is the fourth of five films in the original Planet of the Apes series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs . The film stars Roddy McDowall , Don Murray and Ricardo Montalb\u00e1n . It explores how the apes rebelled from humanity 's ill treatment following Escape from the Planet of the Apes -LRB- 1971 -RRB- . It was followed by Battle for the Planet of the Apes -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .   The series reboot Rise of the Planet of the Apes -LRB- 2011 -RRB- has a similar premise to Conquest , but is not officially a remake .  Science fiction film -LRB- or sci-fi -RRB- is a genre that uses speculative , fictional science-based depictions of phenomena that are not fully accepted by mainstream science , such as extraterrestrial lifeforms , alien worlds , extrasensory perception and time travel , along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft , robots , cyborgs , interstellar travel or other technologies . Science fiction films have often been used to focus on political or social issues , and to explore philosophical issues like the human condition . In many cases , tropes derived from written science fiction may be used by filmmakers ignorant of or at best indifferent to the standards of scientific plausibility and plot logic to which written science fiction is traditionally held .   The genre has existed since the early years of silent cinema , when Georges Melies ' A Trip to the Moon -LRB- 1902 -RRB- employed trick photography effects . The next major example in the genre was the film Metropolis -LRB- 1927 -RRB- - being the first feature length science fiction movie . From the 1930s to the 1950s , the genre consisted mainly of low-budget B movies . After Stanley Kubrick 's landmark 2001 : A Space Odyssey -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , the science fiction film genre was taken more seriously . In the late 1970s , big-budget science fiction films filled with special effects became popular with audiences after the success of Star Wars and paved the way for the blockbuster hits of subsequent decades .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Grace Kelly did not work with Alfred Hitchcock.", "evidence": "Grace Patricia Kelly -LRB- November 12 , 1929September 14 , 1982 -RRB- was an American actress who became Princess of Monaco after marrying Prince Rainier III , in April 1956 .   After embarking on an acting career in 1950 , at age 20 , Kelly appeared in New York City theatrical productions and more than 40 episodes of live drama productions broadcast during the early 1950s Golden Age of Television . In October 1953 , she gained stardom from her performance in the film Mogambo , which won her a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award nomination in 1954 . Subsequently , she had leading roles in five films , including The Country Girl -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , for which her deglamorized performance earned her an Academy Award for Best Actress . Other films include High Noon -LRB- 1952 -RRB- with Gary Cooper , Dial M for Murder -LRB- 1954 -RRB- with Ray Milland , Rear Window -LRB- 1954 -RRB- with James Stewart , To Catch a Thief -LRB- 1955 -RRB- with Cary Grant , and High Society -LRB- 1956 -RRB- with Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby .   Kelly retired from acting at the age of 26 to marry Rainier and began her duties as Princess of Monaco . They had three children : Caroline , Albert II , and St\u00e9phanie . Kelly retained her American roots , maintaining dual U.S. and Mon\u00e9gasque citizenship . She died on September 14 , 1982 , a day after suffering a stroke while driving her car , which caused a crash .  Rear Window is a 1954 American Technicolor mystery thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and written by John Michael Hayes based on Cornell Woolrich 's 1942 short story `` It Had to Be Murder '' . Originally released by Paramount Pictures , the film stars James Stewart , Grace Kelly , Wendell Corey , Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr . It was screened at the 1954 Venice Film Festival .   The film is considered by many filmgoers , critics and scholars to be one of Hitchcock 's best and one of the greatest movies ever made . The film received four Academy Award nominations and was ranked No. 42 on AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies list and No. 48 on the 10th-anniversary edition . In 1997 , Rear Window was added to the United States National Film Registry in the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Bill Clinton served a term in office.", "evidence": "William Jefferson Clinton -LRB- born August 19 , 1946 -RRB- is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001 . Prior to the Presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and the state 's 42nd Governor from 1983 to 1992 . Before that , he served as Arkansas Attorney General from 1977 to 1979 . A member of the Democratic Party , Clinton was ideologically a New Democrat , and many of his policies reflected a centrist `` Third Way '' political philosophy .   Clinton was born and raised in Arkansas and is an alumnus of Georgetown University , where he was a member of Kappa Kappa Psi and the Phi Beta Kappa Society ; he earned a Rhodes Scholarship to attend the University of Oxford . Clinton is married to Hillary Rodham Clinton , who served as United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013 and U.S. Senator from New York from 2001 to 2009 , and was the Democratic nominee for President in 2016 . Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham both earned degrees from Yale Law School , where they met and began dating . As Governor of Arkansas , Clinton overhauled the state 's education system and served as chairman of the National Governors Association .   Clinton was elected President of the United States in 1992 , defeating incumbent Republican opponent George H. W. Bush . At age 46 , he became the third-youngest president -LRB- behind Theodore Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy -RRB- and the first from the Baby Boomer generation . Clinton presided over the longest period of peacetime economic expansion in American history and signed into law the North American Free Trade Agreement . After failing to pass national health care reform , the Democratic House was ousted when the Republican Party won control of the Congress in 1994 , for the first time in 40 years . Two years later , in 1996 , Clinton became the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt to be elected to a second term . Clinton passed welfare reform and the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , as well as financial deregulation measures , including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 .   In 1998 , Clinton was impeached by the House of Representatives for perjury before a grand jury and obstruction of justice during a lawsuit against him , both related to a scandal involving White House -LRB- and later Department of Defense -RRB- employee Monica Lewinsky . Clinton was acquitted by the U.S. Senate in 1999 and served his complete term of office .   The Congressional Budget Office reported a budget surplus between the years 1998 and 2000 , the last three years of Clinton 's presidency . In foreign policy , Clinton ordered U.S. military intervention in the Bosnian and Kosovo wars , signed the Iraq Liberation Act in opposition to Saddam Hussein , and participated in the 2000 Camp David Summit to advance the Israeli -- Palestinian peace process .   Clinton left office with the highest end-of-office approval rating of any U.S. President since World War II . Since then , Clinton has been involved in public speaking and humanitarian work . He created the William J. Clinton Foundation to address international causes , such as the prevention of AIDS and global warming . In 2004 , Clinton published his autobiography , My Life . He has remained active in politics by campaigning for Democratic candidates , including his wife 's campaigns for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 and 2016 , and Barack Obama 's presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012 .   In 2009 , Clinton was named the United Nations Special Envoy to Haiti , and after the 2010 Haiti earthquake , Clinton teamed with George W. Bush to form the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund . Since leaving office , Clinton has been rated highly in public opinion polls of U.S. Presidents .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is an actor name Peter Davison.", "evidence": "Peter Davison -LRB- born Peter Malcolm Gordon Moffett on 13 April 1951 -RRB- is an English actor with many credits in television dramas and sitcoms . He became famous as Tristan Farnon in the BBC 's television adaptation of James Herriot 's All Creatures Great and Small stories . His subsequent starring roles included the sitcoms Holding the Fort and Sink or Swim , the fifth incarnation of the Doctor in Doctor Who , Dr. Stephen Daker in A Very Peculiar Practice and Albert Campion in Campion . He later played David Braithwaite in At Home with the Braithwaites , `` Dangerous '' Davies in The Last Detective and Henry Sharpe in Law & Order : UK .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Troy Baker was the rhythm guitarist for Tripp Fontaine.", "evidence": "Troy Edward Baker -LRB- born April 1 , 1976 -RRB- is an American voice actor and musician known for portraying lead characters in several video games . He has voiced Joel in The Last of Us , Booker DeWitt in BioShock Infinite , Rhys in Tales from the Borderlands , Delsin Rowe in Infamous Second Son , The Joker in Batman : Arkham Origins and Batman : Assault on Arkham , Talion in Middle-earth : Shadow of Mordor , Kai Leng in Mass Effect 3 , Jack Mitchell in Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare , Vincent Brooks in Catherine , Yuri Lowell in Tales of Vesperia , Kanji Tatsumi in Shin Megami Tensei : Persona 4 , Snow in the Final Fantasy XIII series , Pagan Min in Far Cry 4 , Gul ` dan in World of Warcraft : Warlords of Draenor , Sam Drake in Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End and Bruce Wayne in Batman : The Telltale Series . He also voiced in a number of English adaptations of Japanese anime shows , including Basilisk , Trinity Blood , Fullmetal Alchemist , and Naruto : Shippuden .   Before pursuing acting , Baker was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the indie-rock band Tripp Fontaine , which released the radio single `` Burning Out '' from their debut album Random Thoughts on a Paper Napkin in 2004 . His first solo album , Sitting in the Fire , was released on October 14 , 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sons of Anarchy premiered on FX.", "evidence": "Sons of Anarchy is an American crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter , which aired from 2008 to 2014 . It follows the lives of a close-knit outlaw motorcycle club operating in Charming , a fictional town in California 's Central Valley . The show stars Charlie Hunnam as Jackson `` Jax '' Teller , initially the vice president , who begins questioning the club and himself . Brotherhood , loyalty and redemption are constant themes .   Sons of Anarchy premiered on September 3 , 2008 , on cable network FX . The series 's third season attracted an average of 4.9 million weekly viewers , making it FX 's highest rated series and surpassing its other hits The Shield , Nip/Tuck and Rescue Me . The season four and five premieres were the two highest-rated telecasts in FX 's history .   The sixth season aired from September 10 , 2013 , through December 10 , 2013 . The seventh and final season of the series premiered on September 9 , 2014 . The series finale premiered on December 9 , 2014 .   The series explores vigilantism , government corruption and racism , and depicts an outlaw motorcycle club as an analogy for human transformation . Real life Oakland Hell 's Angel David Labrava served as a technical adviser , and also played one of the main characters , Happy Lowman , the club 's assassin .   In November 2013 , Sutter indicated he was in talks with FX to make a Sons of Anarchy prequel set in the 1960s . In February 2015 , he said he would not work on the prequel , likely to be titled `` The First 9 '' , before 2017 . In November 2016 FX announced the development of a spin off series Mayans MC , centered around Latino culture , which will likely include past SOA characters in cameo roles .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sarah Palin ran for presidency alongside a senator from Arizona.", "evidence": "Sarah Louise Palin -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8pe\u026al\u1d7bn -RSB- n\u00e9e Heath ; born February 11 , 1964 -RRB- is an American politician , commentator , and author who served as the ninth Governor of Alaska from 2006 until her resignation in 2009 . As the Republican Party nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2008 election alongside presidential nominee , Arizona Senator John McCain , she was the first Alaskan on the national ticket of a major political party and the first Republican woman selected as a vice presidential candidate . Also , her book Going Rogue has sold more than two million copies .   She was elected to the Wasilla city council in 1992 and became mayor of Wasilla in 1996 . In 2003 , after an unsuccessful run for lieutenant governor , she was appointed chair of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission , responsible for overseeing the state 's oil and gas fields for safety and efficiency . She was the youngest person and the first woman to be elected Governor of Alaska .   Since her resignation as Governor , she has endorsed and campaigned for the Tea Party movement as well as several candidates in multiple election cycles , prominently including Donald Trump for President in 2016 . From 2010 to 2015 , she provided political commentary for Fox News . On April 3 , 2014 , Palin premiered her TV show , Amazing America with Sarah Palin , on the Sportsman Channel , which ran until February 12 , 2015 . On July 27 , 2014 , Palin launched the online news network called the Sarah Palin Channel , which was closed on July 4 , 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "In 1937, William Hanna worked.", "evidence": "William Denby `` Bill '' Hanna -LRB- July 14 , 1910 -- March 22 , 2001 -RRB- was an American animator , director , producer , voice actor , and cartoon artist , whose film and television cartoon characters entertained millions of people for much of the 20th century .   After working odd jobs in the first months of the Depression , Hanna joined the Harman and Ising animation studio in 1930 . During the 1930s , Hanna steadily gained skill and prominence while working on cartoons such as Captain and the Kids . In 1937 , while working at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer -LRB- MGM -RRB- , Hanna met Joseph Barbera . The two men began a collaboration that was at first best known for producing Tom and Jerry and live action/animated hybrid films . In 1957 , they co-founded Hanna-Barbera , which became the most successful television animation studio in the business , producing programs such as The Flintstones , The Huckleberry Hound Show , The Jetsons , Scooby-Doo , The Smurfs , and Yogi Bear . In 1967 , Hanna-Barbera was sold to Taft Broadcasting for $ 12 million , but Hanna and Barbera remained heads of the company until 1991 . At that time , the studio was sold to Turner Broadcasting System , which in turn was merged with Time Warner in 1996 ; Hanna and Barbera stayed on as advisors .   Hanna and Barbera won seven Academy Awards and eight Emmy Awards . Their cartoons have become cultural icons , and their cartoon characters have appeared in other media such as films , books , and toys . Hanna-Barbera 's shows had a worldwide audience of over 300 million people in their 1960s heyday , and have been translated into more than 28 languages .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Taylor Kitsch only worked on the 2012 film Savages.", "evidence": "Taylor Kitsch -LRB- born April 8 , 1981 -RRB- is a Canadian actor and model . He is best known for his work in films such as X-Men Origins : Wolverine -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Battleship -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , John Carter -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Savages -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and Lone Survivor -LRB- 2013 -RRB- .   Kitsch is also known for his work in television , he portrayed Tim Riggins in the NBC series Friday Night Lights -LRB- 2006 -- 2011 -RRB- , starred in the second season of the HBO series True Detective as Paul Woodrugh , and appeared in the television film The Normal Heart -LRB- 2014 -RRB- as Bruce Niles .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Rescue Me ended on September 7, 2011.", "evidence": "Rescue Me is an American comedy-drama television series that premiered on the FX on July 21 , 2004 and concluded on September 7 , 2011 . The series focuses on the professional and personal lives of a group of New York City firefighters , post 9/11 .   The protagonist and focal point of the series is veteran New York City Firefighter Tommy Gavin -LRB- Denis Leary -RRB- . The series follows Tommy 's troubled family and co-workers as they deal with real life issues , either with post 9/11 trauma or their own domestic problems . Tommy struggles with the loss of his cousin and best friend , Firefighter Jimmy Keefe -LRB- James McCaffrey -RRB- , as well as fifty-nine other firefighters whom he knew , who died in the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 . Jimmy frequently visits Tommy in ghostly dreams . Tommy is an impatient , self-loathing , hypocritical , manipulative , relapsed alcoholic who suffers with severe survivor guilt and posttraumatic stress disorder as a result of 9/11 . In the pilot episode , Tommy and his wife Janet -LRB- Andrea Roth -RRB- have already separated , although they are technically still married , and Tommy has moved across the street . Although he has a poor grasp on his personal life , most of Tommy 's actions as a firefighter are heroic and brave , but despite his passion and concern for others -LRB- and for the job -RRB- , he is viewed by his various family members and his fellow firefighters as selfish .   Rescue Me was created by Denis Leary and Peter Tolan , who also serve as executive producers and head writers , and is produced by Cloudland Company , Apostle , DreamWorks Television , and Sony Pictures Television .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "In Azerbaijan, according to polls, 53% of the population state that religion has importance in their lives.", "evidence": "Azerbaijan -LRB- -LSB- \u00e6z\u0259rba\u026a\u02c8\u0292\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- ; Az\u0259rbaycan -RRB- , officially the Republic of Azerbaijan -LRB- Az\u0259rbaycan Respublikas\u0131 -RRB- , is a country in the South Caucasus region , situated at the crossroads of Southwest Asia and Southeastern Europe . It is bound by the Caspian Sea to the east , Russia to the north , Georgia to the northwest , Armenia to the west and Iran to the south . The exclave of Nakhchivan is bound by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having an 11 km border with Turkey in the north west .   The Azerbaijan Democratic Republic proclaimed its independence in 1918 and became the first democratic state in the Muslim orient world . The country was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1920 as the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic . The modern Republic of Azerbaijan proclaimed its independence on 30 August 1991 , prior to the official dissolution of the USSR in December 1991 . In September 1991 , the Armenian majority of the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region seceded to form the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic . The region and seven adjacent districts outside it became de facto independent with the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994 . These regions are internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan pending a solution to the status of the Nagorno-Karabakh , found through negotiations facilitated by the OSCE .   Azerbaijan is a unitary semi-presidential republic . The country is a member state of the Council of Europe , the OSCE and the NATO Partnership for Peace -LRB- PfP -RRB- program . It is one of six independent Turkic states , an active member of the Turkic Council and the T\u00dcRKSOY community . Azerbaijan has diplomatic relations with 158 countries and holds membership in 38 international organizations . It is one of the founding members of GUAM , the Commonwealth of Independent States -LRB- CIS -RRB- and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . A member of the United Nations since 1992 after its independence , Azerbaijan was elected to membership in the newly established Human Rights Council by the United Nations General Assembly on 9 May 2006 . Its term of office began on 19 June 2006 . Azerbaijan is also a member state of the Non-Aligned Movement , holds observer status in World Trade Organization and is a correspondent at the International Telecommunication Union .   The Constitution of Azerbaijan does not declare an official religion and all major political forces in the country are secularist . However , the majority of the population are of a Shiite Muslim background . Most Azerbaijanis however , do not actively practice any religion , and the country has been seen to be one of the most irreligious countries in the Muslim world , with 53 % stating religion has little to no importance in their lives , according to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls . Azerbaijan has a high level of human development which ranks on par with most Eastern European countries . It has a high rate of economic development and literacy , as well as a low rate of unemployment . According to the Davos World Economic Forum , Azerbaijan 's economy has scored 37th place within 138 countries in 2016 . Global Competitiveness Index 2015 indicates that Azerbaijan scores highest in its region .   ASAN services , established with Presidential Decree , are countrywide known for eliminating bribery and corruption in the provision of public services . ASAN Service has been awarded with United Nations ' Public Service Award 2015 , which is the most prestigious award in the world in the field of public service delivery .   The ruling party , the New Azerbaijan Party , has been accused of authoritarianism and human rights abuses .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Payton Manning signed with the Broncos following his release from the Colts in 2012.", "evidence": "Peyton Williams Manning -LRB- born March 24 , 1976 -RRB- is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts . Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons . Manning played college football for the University of Tennessee , leading the Tennessee Volunteers to the 1997 SEC Championship in his senior season . He is the second son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and older brother of New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning .   Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts as the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft . From 1998 to 2010 , he improved the fortunes of the struggling Colts franchise and helped transform them into playoff contenders . During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .   After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos . Serving as the team 's starting quarterback from 2012 to 2015 , he contributed to the Broncos reaching the top of their division each year and his playing career concluded with a victory in Super Bowl 50 .   Manning holds many NFL records , including passing yards -LRB- 71,940 -RRB- , touchdown passes -LRB- 539 -RRB- , AP MVP awards -LRB- 5 -RRB- , Pro Bowl appearances -LRB- 14 -RRB- , and 4,000-yard passing seasons -LRB- 14 -RRB- . A two-time Super Bowl winner and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLI , Manning is also the only quarterback to start the Super Bowl for two different franchises more than once each and the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different franchises . At 39 years of age , Manning is the oldest quarterback to start in and win a Super Bowl . Manning is also the only quarterback in NFL history to make the Super Bowl four times with four different head coaches -LRB- Dungy , Caldwell , Fox , and Kubiak -RRB- .   During a 2009 Monday Night Football game , Manning received the nickname `` The Sheriff '' from color commentator Jon Gruden due to his tendency to audible prior to the snap , and he was one of the most recognizable and parodied players in the NFL . Teams led by Manning typically utilized the hurry-up offense in place of the standard huddle .  Peyton Williams Manning -LRB- born March 24 , 1976 -RRB- is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts . Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons . Manning played college football for the University of Tennessee , leading the Tennessee Volunteers to the 1997 SEC Championship in his senior season . He is the second son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and older brother of New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning .   Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts as the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft . From 1998 to 2010 , he improved the fortunes of the struggling Colts franchise and helped transform them into playoff contenders . During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .   After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos . Serving as the team 's starting quarterback from 2012 to 2015 , he contributed to the Broncos reaching the top of their division each year and his playing career concluded with a victory in Super Bowl 50 .   Manning holds many NFL records , including passing yards -LRB- 71,940 -RRB- , touchdown passes -LRB- 539 -RRB- , AP MVP awards -LRB- 5 -RRB- , Pro Bowl appearances -LRB- 14 -RRB- , and 4,000-yard passing seasons -LRB- 14 -RRB- . A two-time Super Bowl winner and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLI , Manning is also the only quarterback to start the Super Bowl for two different franchises more than once each and the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different franchises . At 39 years of age , Manning is the oldest quarterback to start in and win a Super Bowl . Manning is also the only quarterback in NFL history to make the Super Bowl four times with four different head coaches -LRB- Dungy , Caldwell , Fox , and Kubiak -RRB- .   During a 2009 Monday Night Football game , Manning received the nickname `` The Sheriff '' from color commentator Jon Gruden due to his tendency to audible prior to the snap , and he was one of the most recognizable and parodied players in the NFL . Teams led by Manning typically utilized the hurry-up offense in place of the standard huddle .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Christopher Lee portrayed Francisco Scaramanga in the film The Man with the Golden Gun.", "evidence": "Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee -LRB- 27 May 1922 -- 7 June 2015 -RRB- was an English character actor , singer , and author . With a career spanning nearly 70 years , Lee initially portrayed villains and became best known for his role as Count Dracula in a sequence of Hammer Horror films . His other film roles include Francisco Scaramanga in the James Bond film The Man with the Golden Gun -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , Saruman in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy -LRB- 2001 -- 2003 -RRB- and The Hobbit film trilogy -LRB- 2012 -- 2014 -RRB- , and Count Dooku in the second and third films of the Star Wars prequel trilogy -LRB- 2002 and 2005 -RRB- .   Lee was knighted for services to drama and charity in 2009 , received the BAFTA Fellowship in 2011 , and received the BFI Fellowship in 2013 . Lee considered his best performance to be that of Pakistan 's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah in the biopic Jinnah -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and his best film to be the British horror film The Wicker Man -LRB- 1973 -RRB- . He frequently appeared opposite Peter Cushing in Hammer Horror films , and late in his career had roles in six Tim Burton films .   Always noted as an actor for his deep , strong voice , Lee was also known for his singing ability , recording various opera and musical pieces between 1986 and 1998 , and the symphonic metal album Charlemagne : By the Sword and the Cross in 2010 , after having worked with several metal bands since 2005 . The heavy metal follow-up Charlemagne : The Omens of Death was released on 27 May 2013 , Lee 's 91st birthday . He was honoured with the `` Spirit of Metal '' award at the 2010 Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards ceremony . Lee died from complications of respiratory problems and heart failure on the morning of 7 June 2015 , at the age of 93 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Muppet Christmas Carol is a television show.", "evidence": "The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American musical fantasy comedy-drama film and an adaptation of Charles Dickens 's 1843 novel A Christmas Carol . It is the fourth in a series of live-action musical films featuring The Muppets , with Michael Caine starring as Ebenezer Scrooge . Although it is a comedic film with contemporary songs , The Muppet Christmas Carol otherwise follows Dickens 's original story closely . The film was produced and directed by Brian Henson for Jim Henson Productions and released by Walt Disney Pictures .   The Muppet Christmas Carol was dedicated to the memory of Muppets creator Jim Henson and fellow puppeteer Richard Hunt , who died during pre-production .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Superior Donuts is a noir film.", "evidence": "Superior Donuts is an American sitcom that airs on CBS . The series aired as a `` special preview '' on February 2 , 2017 , following The Big Bang Theory . It then premiered in its regular Monday at 9:00 p.m. timeslot on February 6 , 2017 . The series is based on the play of the same name by Tracy Letts .   On March 23 , 2017 , CBS renewed the series for a second season , which will premiere on October 30 , 2017 .  A situation comedy , or sitcom , is a genre of comedy centered on a fixed set of characters who carry over from episode to episode . Sitcoms can be contrasted with sketch comedy , where a troupe may use new characters in each sketch , and stand-up comedy , where a comedian tells jokes and stories to an audience . Sitcoms originated in radio , but today are found mostly on television as one of its dominant narrative forms . This form can also include mockumentaries .   A situation comedy television program may be recorded in front of a studio audience , depending on the program 's production format . The effect of a live studio audience can be imitated or enhanced by the use of a laugh track .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Usain Bolt is incapable of competing in sports.", "evidence": "Usain St Leo Bolt , OJ , CD -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8ju\u02d0se\u026an -RSB- born 21 August 1986 -RRB- is a Jamaican sprinter . He is the first person to hold both the 100 metres and 200 metres world records since fully automatic time became mandatory . He also holds the world record as a part of the 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay . He is the reigning world and Olympic champion in these three events . Due to his unprecedented dominance and achievements in sprint competition , he is widely considered to be the greatest sprinter of all time .   An eight-time Olympic gold medalist , Bolt won the 100 m , 200 m and 4 \u00d7 100 m relay at three consecutive Olympic Games , although he subsequently lost one of the gold medals -LRB- as well as the world record set therein -RRB- nine years after the fact due to teammate Nesta Carter 's disqualification for doping offences . He gained worldwide popularity for his double sprint victory at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in world record times . Bolt is the only sprinter to win Olympic 100 m and 200 m titles at three consecutive olympics -LRB- 2008 , 2012 and 2016 -RRB- , a feat referred to as the `` triple double . ''   An eleven-time World Champion , he won consecutive World Championship 100 m , 200 m and 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay gold medals from 2009 to 2015 , with the exception of a 100 m false start in 2011 . He is the most successful athlete of the World Championships and was the first athlete to win three titles in both the 100 m and 200 m at the competition .   Bolt improved upon his first 100 m world record of 9.69 with 9.58 seconds in 2009 -- the biggest improvement since the start of electronic timing . He has twice broken the 200 metres world record , setting 19.30 in 2008 and 19.19 in 2009 . He has helped Jamaica to three 4 \u00d7 100 metres relay world records , with the current record being 36.84 seconds set in 2012 . Bolt 's most successful event is the 200 m , with three Olympic and four World titles . The 2008 Olympics was his international debut over 100 m ; he had earlier won numerous 200 m medals -LRB- including 2007 World Championship silver -RRB- and holds the world under-20 and world under-18 records for the event .   His achievements as a sprinter have earned him the media nickname `` Lightning Bolt '' , and his awards include the IAAF World Athlete of the Year , Track & Field Athlete of the Year , and Laureus World Sportsman of the Year -LRB- four times -RRB- . Bolt has stated that he intends to retire from athletics after the 2017 World Championships .  The 100 metres , or 100-metre dash , is a sprint race in track and field competitions . The shortest common outdoor running distance , it is one of the most popular and prestigious events in the sport of athletics . It has been contested at the Summer Olympics since 1896 for men and since 1928 for women .    The reigning 100 m Olympic champion is often named `` the fastest runner in the world . '' The World Championships 100 metres has been contested since 1983 . Jamaicans Usain Bolt and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce are the reigning world champions , Bolt and Elaine Thompson are the Olympic champions in the men 's and women 's 100 metres , respectively .   On an outdoor 400 metres running track , the 100 m is run on the home straight , with the start usually being set on an extension to make it a straight-line race . Runners begin in the starting blocks and the race begins when an official fires the starter 's pistol . Sprinters typically reach top speed after somewhere between 50 -- 60 m . Their speed then slows towards the finish line .   The 10-second barrier has historically been a barometer of fast men 's performances , while the best female sprinters take eleven seconds or less to complete the race . The current men 's world record is 9.58 seconds , set by Jamaica 's Usain Bolt in 2009 , while the women 's world record of 10.49 seconds set by American Florence Griffith-Joyner in 1988 remains unbroken .   The 100 m -LRB- 109.361 yards -RRB- emerged from the metrication of the 100 yards -LRB- 91.44 m -RRB- , a now defunct distance originally contested in English-speaking countries . The event is largely held outdoors as few indoor facilities have a 100 m straight .   US athletes have won the men 's Olympic 100 metres title more times than any other country , 16 out of the 28 times that it has been run . US women have also dominated the event winning 9 out of 21 times .  The 200 metres -LRB- also spelled 200 meters -RRB- is a sprint running event . On an outdoor 400 m track , the race begins on the curve and ends on the home straight , so a combination of techniques are needed to successfully run the race . A slightly shorter race , called the stadion and run on a straight track , was the first recorded event at the ancient Olympic Games . The 200 m places more emphasis on speed endurance than shorter sprint distances as athletes rely on different energy systems during the longer sprint .   In the United States and elsewhere , athletes previously ran the 220-yard dash -LRB- 201.168 m -RRB- instead of the 200 m -LRB- 218.723 yards -RRB- , though the distance is now obsolete . The standard adjustment used for the conversion from times recorded over 220 yards to 200 m times is to subtract 0.1 seconds , but other conversion methods exist . Another obsolete version of this race is the 200 metres straight , which was run on tracks that contained such a straight . Initially , when the International Amateur Athletic Association -LRB- now known as the International Association of Athletics Federations -RRB- started to ratify world records in 1912 , only records set on a straight track were eligible for consideration . In 1951 , the IAAF started to recognise records set on a curved track . In 1976 , the straight record was discarded .   The race attracts runners from other events , primarily the 100 metres , wishing to double up and claim both titles . This feat has been achieved by men eleven times at the Olympic Games : by Archie Hahn in 1904 , Ralph Craig in 1912 , Percy Williams in 1928 , Eddie Tolan in 1932 , Jesse Owens in 1936 , Bobby Morrow in 1956 , Valeriy Borzov in 1972 , Carl Lewis in 1984 , and most recently by Jamaica 's Usain Bolt in 2008 , 2012 , and 2016 . The double has been accomplished by women seven times : by Fanny Blankers-Koen in 1948 , Marjorie Jackson in 1952 , Betty Cuthbert in 1956 , Wilma Rudolph in 1960 , Renate Stecher in 1972 and Florence Griffith-Joyner in 1988 . Marion Jones finished first in both races in 2000 but was later disqualified and stripped of her medals after admitting to taking performance-enhancing drugs . An Olympic double of 200 m and 400 m was first achieved by Valerie Brisco-Hooks in 1984 , and later by Michael Johnson from the United States and Marie-Jos\u00e9 P\u00e9rec of France both in 1996 . Usain Bolt is the only man to repeat as Olympic champion , B\u00e4rbel W\u00f6ckel -LRB- n\u00e9e Eckert -RRB- and Veronica Campbell-Brown are the two women who have repeated as Olympic champion .   The men 's world record holder is Usain Bolt of Jamaica , who ran 19.19 s at the 2009 World Championships . The women 's world record holder is Florence Griffith-Joyner of the United States , who ran 21.34 s at the 1988 Summer Olympics . The reigning Olympic champions are Usain Bolt and Elaine Thompson -LRB- Jamaica -RRB- . The reigning World Champions are Bolt and Dafne Schippers -LRB- the Netherlands -RRB- .   Races run with an aiding wind measured over 2.0 metres per second are not acceptable for record purposes .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Mark Zuckerberg was named Person of the Year by Time magazine in May 2010.", "evidence": "Mark Elliot Zuckerberg -LRB- born May 14 , 1984 -RRB- is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur . He is a co-founder of Facebook , and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer . His net worth is estimated to be US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 , and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world .   Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4 , 2004 . He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz , and Chris Hughes . The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses . Facebook expanded rapidly , reaching one billion users by 2012 . Meanwhile , Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group , who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook .   In December 2012 , Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to `` advancing human potential and promoting equality '' in the spirit of The Giving Pledge . On December 1 , 2015 , they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares -LRB- worth about US$ 45 billion at the time -RRB- to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative .   Since 2010 , Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award . In December 2016 , Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World 's Most Powerful People . According to Forbes Magazine , Zuckerberg has a net worth of US$ 63.3 billion as of May 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lana Del Rey's music has been regarded for its penchant for ideas of tragic romance.", "evidence": "Elizabeth Woolridge Grant -LRB- born June 21 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by her stage name Lana Del Rey , is an American singer , songwriter , and model . Her music has been noted for its cinematic style , its preoccupation with themes of tragic romance and melancholia , and its references to pop culture , particularly 1950s and 1960s Americana .   Born and raised in New York , Del Rey embarked on a music career in 2005 and first received widespread attention in 2011 , when the music video for her single `` Video Games '' became a viral internet sensation . Del Rey received further recognition after her major-label debut Born to Die peaked at number two on the United States charts and was the fifth best-selling album of 2012 . A remix of its single `` Summertime Sadness '' , produced by Cedric Gervais , peaked at number six in the United States , and the Paradise EP followed that November , garnering Del Rey her first Grammy nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album . Three of the EP 's tracks were featured in her short film Tropico , which premiered in December 2013 .   In 2014 , Del Rey released her third studio album , Ultraviolence ; it became her first number-one album in the United States . In 2015 , following a North American tour with Courtney Love and Grimes , Del Rey released her fourth studio album , Honeymoon . Both albums received positive critical response .   Del Rey is set to release her fifth studio album , titled Lust for Life , on July 21 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dirt was produced by ABC studios.", "evidence": "Dirt -LRB- styled d!rt for logos -RRB- is an American television serial broadcast on the FX network . It premiered on January 2 , 2007 and starred Courteney Cox as Lucy Spiller , the editor-in-chief of the first-of-its-kind `` glossy tabloid '' magazine DirtNow , which was previously two separate publications : dirt -LRB- a tabloid -RRB- and Now -LRB- a glossy magazine with a more respectable reputation -RRB- .   A 13-episode second and final season was announced on May 8 , 2007 . Only seven episodes were produced prior to the 2007 WGA strike shut down production . The shortened second season began airing on March 2 , 2008 .   The show was created by Matthew Carnahan and produced by Coquette Productions and ABC Studios .   On June 8 , 2008 , FX canceled the series after two seasons .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Beauty and the Beast was directed by Bill Condon in 2017.", "evidence": "Beauty and the Beast is a 2017 American musical romantic fantasy film directed by Bill Condon from a screenplay written by Stephen Chbosky and Evan Spiliotopoulos , and co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mandeville Films . The film is based on Disney 's 1991 animated film of the same name , itself an adaptation of Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont 's eighteenth-century fairy tale . The film features an ensemble cast that includes Emma Watson and Dan Stevens as the titular characters with Luke Evans , Kevin Kline , Josh Gad , Ewan McGregor , Stanley Tucci , Audra McDonald , Gugu Mbatha-Raw , Nathan Mack , Ian McKellen and Emma Thompson in supporting roles .   Principal photography began at Shepperton Studios in Surrey , England on May 18 , 2015 , and ended on August 21 . Beauty and the Beast premiered on February 23 , 2017 , at Spencer House in London and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , in the standard , Disney Digital 3-D , RealD 3D , IMAX and IMAX 3D formats along with Dolby Cinema . The film received positive reviews from critics and audiences , with many praising Watson 's performance and has grossed over $ 1.2 billion worldwide , making it the highest-grossing film of 2017 and the 10th highest-grossing film of all time .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Peyton Manning is the son of an NFL quarterback.", "evidence": "Peyton Williams Manning -LRB- born March 24 , 1976 -RRB- is a former American football quarterback who played 18 seasons in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- , primarily with the Indianapolis Colts . Considered to be one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , he spent 14 seasons with the Colts and was a member of the Denver Broncos in his last four seasons . Manning played college football for the University of Tennessee , leading the Tennessee Volunteers to the 1997 SEC Championship in his senior season . He is the second son of former NFL quarterback Archie Manning and older brother of New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning .   Manning was selected by the Indianapolis Colts as the first overall pick in the 1998 NFL Draft . From 1998 to 2010 , he improved the fortunes of the struggling Colts franchise and helped transform them into playoff contenders . During his tenure as starting quarterback , Manning led the team to eight division championships , two AFC championships , and one Super Bowl title , the franchise 's first in over three decades , as well as their first since relocating to Indianapolis .   After undergoing neck surgery that forced him to miss the entire 2011 season , Manning was released by the Colts and signed with the Denver Broncos . Serving as the team 's starting quarterback from 2012 to 2015 , he contributed to the Broncos reaching the top of their division each year and his playing career concluded with a victory in Super Bowl 50 .   Manning holds many NFL records , including passing yards -LRB- 71,940 -RRB- , touchdown passes -LRB- 539 -RRB- , AP MVP awards -LRB- 5 -RRB- , Pro Bowl appearances -LRB- 14 -RRB- , and 4,000-yard passing seasons -LRB- 14 -RRB- . A two-time Super Bowl winner and the most valuable player of Super Bowl XLI , Manning is also the only quarterback to start the Super Bowl for two different franchises more than once each and the only starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl with two different franchises . At 39 years of age , Manning is the oldest quarterback to start in and win a Super Bowl . Manning is also the only quarterback in NFL history to make the Super Bowl four times with four different head coaches -LRB- Dungy , Caldwell , Fox , and Kubiak -RRB- .   During a 2009 Monday Night Football game , Manning received the nickname `` The Sheriff '' from color commentator Jon Gruden due to his tendency to audible prior to the snap , and he was one of the most recognizable and parodied players in the NFL . Teams led by Manning typically utilized the hurry-up offense in place of the standard huddle .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Song Sung Blue is a work of music.", "evidence": "`` Song Sung Blue '' is a 1972 hit song written and recorded by Neil Diamond , inspired by the second movement of Mozart 's Piano Concerto # 21 . The song was released on Diamond 's album , Moods and later appeared on many of Diamond 's live and compilation albums .   It was his second No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States , after 1970 's `` Cracklin ' Rosie '' , and to date his last . The song spent twelve weeks in the Top 40 . In addition , `` Song Sung Blue '' spent seven weeks at No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart . It also made the pop chart in the United Kingdom , reaching No. 14 on the UK Singles Chart . The song has become one of Diamond 's standards , and he often performs it during concerts .   `` Song Sung Blue '' was nominated for two Grammy Awards in 1973 , Record of the Year and Song of the Year . Both awards that year were won by Roberta Flack 's rendition of Ewan MacColl 's song , `` The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face '' .   Diamond described `` Song Sung Blue '' in the liner notes to his 1996 compilation album , In My Lifetime , as a `` very basic message , unadorned . I did n't even write a bridge to it . I never expected anyone to react to `` Song Sung Blue '' the way they did . I just like it , the message and the way a few words said so many things . ''   The song inspired the title of a 2008 documentary about a Neil Diamond impersonator who was married to a Patsy Cline impersonator .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Purple Haze was released as a single for a record.", "evidence": "`` Purple Haze '' is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and released as the second record single by the Jimi Hendrix Experience on March 17 , 1967 . As a record chart hit in several countries and the opening number on the Experience 's debut American album , it was many people 's first exposure to Hendrix 's psychedelic rock sound .   The song features his inventive guitar playing , which uses the signature Hendrix chord and a mix of blues and Eastern modalities , shaped by novel sound processing techniques . Because of ambiguities in the lyrics , listeners often interpret the song as referring to a psychedelic experience , although Hendrix described it as a love song .   `` Purple Haze '' is one of Hendrix 's best-known songs and appears on many Hendrix compilation albums . The song featured regularly in concerts and each of Hendrix 's group configurations issued live recordings . It was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame and is included on lists of the greatest guitar songs , including at number two by Rolling Stone and number one by Q magazine .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Bruce Lee was only a professional martial artist and unable to act.", "evidence": "Lee Jun-fan -LRB- ; November 27 , 1940 -- July 20 , 1973 -RRB- , known professionally as Bruce Lee , was a Hong Kong and American martial artist , actor , philosopher , filmmaker , and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do . Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-chuen . He is widely considered by commentators , critics , media , and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time , and a pop culture icon of the 20th century . He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films .   Lee was born in Chinatown , San Francisco , on November 27 , 1940 , to parents from Hong Kong and was raised in Kowloon , Hong Kong , with his family until his late teens . He was introduced to the film industry by his father and appeared in several films as a child actor . Lee moved to the United States at the age of 18 to receive his higher education , at the University of Washington , at Seattle and it was during this time that he began teaching martial arts . His Hong Kong and Hollywood-produced films elevated the traditional Hong Kong martial arts film to a new level of popularity and acclaim , sparking a surge of interest in Chinese martial arts in the West in the 1970s . The direction and tone of his films changed and influenced martial arts and martial arts films in the US , Hong Kong and the rest of the world .   He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss -LRB- 1971 -RRB- and Fist of Fury -LRB- 1972 -RRB- ; Golden Harvest 's Way of the Dragon -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , directed and written by Lee ; Golden Harvest and Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon -LRB- 1973 -RRB- and The Game of Death -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , both directed by Robert Clouse . Lee became an iconic figure known throughout the world , particularly among the Chinese , as he portrayed Chinese nationalism in his films . He trained in the art of Wing Chun and later combined his other influences from various sources , in the spirit of his personal martial arts philosophy , which he dubbed Jeet Kune Do -LRB- The Way of the Intercepting Fist -RRB- .  Lee held dual nationality of Hong Kong and the US . He died in Kowloon Tong on July 20 , 1973 at the age of 32 .  An actor -LRB- often actress for females ; see terminology -RRB- is a person who portrays a character in a performance . The actor performs `` in the flesh '' in the traditional medium of the theatre , or in modern mediums such as film , radio , and television . The analogous Greek term is , literally `` one who answers '' . The actor 's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played , whether based on a real person or fictional character . Interpretation occurs even when the actor is `` playing themselves '' , as in some forms of experimental performance art , or , more commonly ; to act , is to create , a character in performance .   Formerly , in some societies , only men could become actors , and women 's roles were generally played by men or boys . When used for the stage , women occasionally played the roles of prepubescent boys .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Land Rover makes the Range Rover Evoque.", "evidence": "Land Rover is a car brand that specialises in four-wheel-drive vehicles , owned by British multinational car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover , which has been owned by India 's Tata Motors since 2008 . The Land Rover is regarded as a British icon , and was granted a Royal Warrant by King George VI in 1951 .   The Land Rover name was originally used by the Rover Company for the Land Rover Series , launched in 1948 . It developed into a brand encompassing a range of four-wheel-drive models , including the Defender , Discovery , Freelander , Range Rover , Range Rover Sport , and Range Rover Evoque . Land Rovers are currently assembled in the company 's Halewood and Solihull plants , with research and development taking place at the Gaydon and Whitley engineering centres . Land Rover sold 194,000 vehicles worldwide in 2009 .   In September 2013 , Jaguar Land Rover announced plans to open a # 100 million -LRB- US$ 160 million -RRB- research and development centre in the University of Warwick , Coventry to create a next generation of vehicle technologies . The carmaker said around 1,000 academics and engineers would work there and that construction would start in 2014 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gilmore Girls is a show.", "evidence": "Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel . Sherman-Palladino , her husband Daniel Palladino , David S. Rosenthal , and Gavin Polone served as the executive producers . The series debuted on October 5 , 2000 , on The WB and remained a tent-pole to the network until its move to The CW on September 26 , 2006 . The series originally ran for seven seasons and ended its run on May 15 , 2007 .   The show follows single mother Lorelai Gilmore -LRB- Graham -RRB- and her daughter Rory -LRB- Bledel -RRB- , living in the fictional town of Stars Hollow , Connecticut . The town is filled with colorful characters and is located approximately 30 minutes from Hartford , Connecticut . The series explores issues of family , friendship and romance , as well as generational divides and social class . Ambition , education , work , love , family , and questions of class constitute some of the series ' central concerns . The show 's social commentary manifests most clearly in Lorelai 's difficult relationship with her wealthy , appearance-obsessed parents , Emily and Richard Gilmore , and in Rory 's interactions with the students at the Chilton Academy , and later , Yale University .   Gilmore Girls was released to critical acclaim . It featured fast-paced dialogue filled with pop-culture references . It won one Emmy Award for makeup in 2004 . The show placed 32 on Entertainment Weekly `` New TV Classics '' list , and was listed as one of Time magazine 's `` All-TIME 100 TV Shows '' in 2007 .   In 2016 , the main cast and Sherman-Palladino returned for a four-part miniseries revival titled Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life , which streamed on Netflix .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "2001: A Space Odyssey was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and gained much fame.", "evidence": "2001 : A Space Odyssey is a 1968 epic science-fiction film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick . The screenplay was written by Kubrick and Arthur C. Clarke , partially inspired by Clarke 's short story `` The Sentinel '' . Clarke concurrently wrote the novel 2001 : A Space Odyssey , published soon after the film was released . The film follows a voyage to Jupiter with the sentient computer Hal after the discovery of a mysterious black monolith affecting human evolution . It deals with the themes of existentialism , human evolution , technology , artificial intelligence , and extraterrestrial life . It is noted for its scientifically accurate depiction of space flight , pioneering special effects , and ambiguous imagery . It uses sound and minimal dialogue in place of traditional narrative techniques ; the soundtrack consists of classical music such as Gayane Ballet Suite , The Blue Danube , Also sprach Zarathustra , and pieces from contemporary composer Gy\u00f6rgy Ligeti .   2001 : A Space Odyssey was financed and distributed by American studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , but it was filmed and edited almost entirely in England using the studio facilities of the MGM-British Studios and those of Shepperton Studios , mostly because of the availability of much larger sound stages than in the United States . Production was subcontracted to Kubrick 's production company , and care was taken that the film would be sufficiently British to qualify for subsidy from the Eady Levy . Kubrick had shot his previous two films in England and decided to settle there permanently during filming .   2001 : A Space Odyssey initially received mixed reactions from critics and audiences , but it garnered a cult following and slowly became the highest-grossing North American film of 1968 . It was nominated for four Academy Awards and received one for its visual effects . The sequel 2010 was released in 1984 , directed by Peter Hyams .   Today , 2001 : A Space Odyssey is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential films ever made . In 1991 , it was deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry . The critics ' polls in the 2002 and 2012 editions of Sight & Sound magazine ranked 2001 : A Space Odyssey sixth in the top ten films of all time ; it also tied for second place in the directors ' poll of the same magazine . In 2010 , it was named the greatest film of all time by The Moving Arts Film Journal .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Eva Longoria is a performer.", "evidence": "Eva Longoria Bast\u00f3n -LRB- born Eva Jacqueline Longoria ; March 15 , 1975 -RRB- is an American actress , producer , director , activist and businesswoman . After a series of guest roles on several television series , Longoria was first recognized for her portrayal of Isabella Bra\u00f1a on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless , on which she starred from 2001 to 2003 . She is perhaps best known for her role as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives , which ran from 2004 to 2012 and for which she received Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award nominations . She has also appeared in Harsh Times -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , The Sentinel -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and Over Her Dead Body -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . From 2015 to 2016 , Longoria starred as Ana Sofia Calder\u00f3n on the short-lived NBC sitcom Telenovela , and served as an executive producer for the Lifetime television series Devious Maids .   Longoria has also appeared in several advertising campaigns and has been named one of Hollywood 's most beautiful women by several publications , including People en Espa\u00f1ol and People magazines . She currently holds contracts with L'Or\u00e9al , Hanes , and New York & Co , among others .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Texas Longhorns men's basketball took part in the NCAA Final Four three times total.", "evidence": "The Texas Longhorns men 's basketball team '' ' represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men 's basketball competition . The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference .   The University of Texas began varsity intercollegiate competition in men 's basketball in 1906 . The Longhorns rank 17th in total victories among all NCAA Division I college basketball programs and 25th in all-time win percentage among programs with at least 50 years in Division I , with an all-time win-loss record of 1750 -- 1054 . Among Big 12 Conference men 's basketball programs , Texas is second only to Kansas in both all-time wins and all-time win percentage .   The Longhorns have won 27 total conference championships in men 's basketball and have made 33 total appearances in the NCAA Tournament -LRB- 11th-most appearances all time , with a 35 -- 36 overall record -RRB- , reaching the NCAA Final Four three times -LRB- 1943 , 1947 , 2003 -RRB- and the NCAA Regional Finals -LRB- Elite Eight -RRB- seven times . As of March 21 , 2017 , Texas ranks fifth among all Division I men 's basketball programs for total NCAA Tournament games won without having won the national championship -LRB- 35 -RRB- , trailing Purdue -LRB- 36 -RRB- , Notre Dame -LRB- 38 -RRB- , Illinois -LRB- 40 -RRB- , and Oklahoma -LRB- 41 -RRB- .   The Texas basketball program experienced substantial success during the early decades of its existence , but its success in the modern era is of relatively recent vintage . After two losing seasons during the program 's first five years , Texas suffered only one losing season from 1912 to 1950 , achieving a winning percentage of .703 during that span , reaching two Final Fours and one Elite Eight during the first decade of the NCAA Tournament , and receiving retroactive recognition as the 1933 national champion from the Premo-Porretta Power Poll ; from 1951 to 1988 , the Longhorns finished with losing records 14 times , recorded a winning percentage of .522 , and participated in the expanded Tournament only five times . Texas achieved some measures of national recognition during the tenures of head coaches Abe Lemons -LRB- 1976 -- 82 -RRB- and Tom Penders -LRB- 1988 -- 98 -RRB- , but the program rose to its highest level of prominence under the direction of former head coach Rick Barnes -LRB- 1998 -- 2015 -RRB- . Barnes guided Texas to 16 NCAA Tournament appearances in his 17 seasons with the program , including a school-record fourteen consecutive appearances -LRB- 1999 -- 2012 -RRB- , as well as fifteen 20-win seasons overall and a school-best thirteen consecutive 20-win seasons -LRB- 2000 -- 12 -RRB- .   Since 1977 , the team has played its home games in the Frank Erwin Special Events Center , where it has compiled a record of 487 -- 119 as of March 7 , 2017 . The team is currently led by second-year head coach Shaka Smart .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ajay Devgn is an actor in the Canadian film industry.", "evidence": "Ajay Devgan -LRB- born Vishal Veeru Devgan on 2 April 1969 -RRB- , also credited as Ajay Devgn , is an Indian film actor , director and producer . He is widely considered as one of the most popular actors of Hindi cinema , who has appeared in over a hundred Hindi films . Devgan has won numerous accolades , including two National Film Awards and four Filmfare Awards . In 2016 , he was honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri , the fourth highest civilian honour of the country .   Devgan began his professional career with Phool Aur Kaante in 1991 and received a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut for his performance . He then starred in successful films such as Jigar -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Dilwale -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Suhaag -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Naajayaz -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , Diljale -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and Ishq -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . In 1998 , he appeared in a critically acclaimed performance in Mahesh Bhatt 's drama Zakhm and he received his first National Film Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie . In 1999 , his most-talked-about film was Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam in which he played Vanraj , a man who tries to unite his wife with her lover .   In the early 2000s , he gave critically acclaimed performances in Ram Gopal Varma 's fictional expose of Mumbai underworld Company . He played the character of a gangster , for which he won Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor . The same year he gave another critically acclaimed performance in Deewangee for which he received the Filmfare Best Villain Award . In 2003 , he won his second National Film Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Bhagat Singh in Rajkumar Santoshi 's biopic The Legend of Bhagat Singh . Throughout his career he has performed in many critically and commercially successful films including Raincoat -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , '' Gangajal , -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Yuva -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Apaharan -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Omkara -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Golmaal : Fun Unlimited -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Golmaal Returns -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , All the Best : Fun Begins -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Golmaal 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Raajneeti -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Singham -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Bol Bachchan -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Son of Sardaar -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Singham Returns -LRB- 2014 -RRB- and Drishyam -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He has starred in more than hundred Hindi films . Having done so , he established himself as one of the leading actors of Hindi cinema .   In addition , Devgn owns a production company Ajay Devgn FFilms which was established in 2000 . In 2008 , he debuted as a film director with U Me Aur Hum . He is married to film actress , Kajol since 1999 and the couple have two children . In August 2009 , Devgn changed his surname from Devgan to Devgn on the request of his family .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Diana is a solo album by Diana Ross.", "evidence": "Diana -LRB- stylized as diana -RRB- is the tenth studio solo album by American singer Diana Ross , released on May 22 , 1980 by Motown Records . The album is the biggest-selling studio album of Ross 's career , selling nine million copies worldwide and spawning three international hit singles , including the US number 1 hit `` Upside Down '' . All songs are composed , played and produced by Chic members Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Silence of the Lambs was a film.", "evidence": "The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American horror-thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Jodie Foster , Anthony Hopkins , and Scott Glenn . Adapted by Ted Tally from the 1988 novel of the same name by Thomas Harris , his second to feature the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter ; a brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic serial killer , the film was the second adaptation of a Harris novel featuring Lecter , preceded by the Michael Mann-directed Manhunter in 1986 . In the film , Clarice Starling , a young U.S. FBI trainee , seeks the advice of the imprisoned Dr. Lecter to apprehend another serial killer , known only as `` Buffalo Bill '' .   The Silence of the Lambs was released on February 14 , 1991 , and grossed $ 272.7 million worldwide against its $ 19 million budget . It was only the third film , the other two being It Happened One Night and One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , to win Academy Awards in all the top five categories : Best Picture , Best Actor , Best Actress , Best Director , and Adapted Screenplay . It is also the first -LRB- and so far only -RRB- Best Picture winner widely considered to be a horror film , and only the third such film to be nominated in the category , after The Exorcist in 1973 and Jaws in 1975 . The film is considered `` culturally , historically or aesthetically '' significant by the U.S. Library of Congress and was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 2011 . A sequel titled Hannibal was released in 2001 with Hopkins reprising his role , followed by two prequels : Red Dragon -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and Hannibal Rising -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Megan Fox ended her acting career in 2001.", "evidence": "Megan Denise Fox -LRB- born May 16 , 1986 -RRB- is an American actress and model . She began her acting career in 2001 , with several minor television and film roles , and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom . In 2004 , she made her film debut with a role in the teen comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen . In 2007 , she co-starred as Mikaela Banes , the love interest of Shia LaBeouf 's character , in the blockbuster action film Transformers , which became her breakout role . Fox reprised her role in the 2009 sequel , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . Later in 2009 , she starred as the eponymous lead in the black comedy horror film Jennifer 's Body .   Fox is also considered one of the modern female sex symbols and has appeared in magazines such as Maxim , Rolling Stone and FHM .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Nick Nolte turned down the role he was offered in Tropic Thunder.", "evidence": "Nicholas King Nolte -LRB- born February 8 , 1941 -RRB- is an American actor and former model . He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama , and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film The Prince of Tides . He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for Affliction -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Warrior -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . His other film appearances include The Deep -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Down and Out in Beverly Hills -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Another 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Everybody Wins -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Cape Fear -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Lorenzo 's Oil -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , The Thin Red Line -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Hulk -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Good Thief -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Hotel Rwanda -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Tropic Thunder -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , A Walk in the Woods -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Ridiculous 6 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series Graves -LRB- 2016 -- present -RRB- .  Nicholas King Nolte -LRB- born February 8 , 1941 -RRB- is an American actor and former model . He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama , and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film The Prince of Tides . He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for Affliction -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Warrior -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . His other film appearances include The Deep -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Down and Out in Beverly Hills -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Another 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Everybody Wins -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Cape Fear -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Lorenzo 's Oil -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , The Thin Red Line -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Hulk -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Good Thief -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Hotel Rwanda -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Tropic Thunder -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , A Walk in the Woods -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Ridiculous 6 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series Graves -LRB- 2016 -- present -RRB- .  Nicholas King Nolte -LRB- born February 8 , 1941 -RRB- is an American actor and former model . He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama , and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film The Prince of Tides . He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for Affliction -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and Warrior -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . His other film appearances include The Deep -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Down and Out in Beverly Hills -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , Another 48 Hrs . -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Everybody Wins -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Cape Fear -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , Lorenzo 's Oil -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , The Thin Red Line -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Hulk -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , The Good Thief -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Hotel Rwanda -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Tropic Thunder -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , A Walk in the Woods -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Ridiculous 6 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series Graves -LRB- 2016 -- present -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ryuk (Death Note) is from a manga series that later became an anime.", "evidence": "is a fictional character in the manga series Death Note , created by Tsugumi Ohba and Takeshi Obata . He is a bored Shinigami that drops a Death Note , a notebook that allows you to kill anyone simply by knowing their name and face , into the human world in order to have fun . It is picked up by Light Yagami , a young genius who uses it in an attempt to create and rule a utopia cleansed of evil , with him at the helm as a `` god '' .   In the anime adaptation , Ryuk is voiced by Nakamura Shid\u014d in Japanese and by Brian Drummond in the English version . Both actors reprise their roles for voicing the computer-generated version of the character in the live-action films , with Jun Fukushima voicing the CG version in the live-action television drama . In the musical , Ryuk was portrayed by K\u014dtar\u014d Yoshida . Actor Willem Dafoe will voice the character in the American adaptation .  is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata . The story follows Light Yagami , a high school student who discovers a supernatural notebook from a Shinigami named Ryuk that grants its user the ability to kill anyone whose name and face he knows . The series centers around Light 's attempts to create and rule a world `` cleansed of evil '' as `` God '' using the notebook , and the efforts of a detective known as L to stop him .   Death Note was first serialized in Shueisha 's manga magazine Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump from December 2003 to May 2006 . The 108 chapters were collected and published into 12 tank\u014dbon volumes between May 2004 and October 2006 . An anime television adaptation aired in Japan from October 3 , 2006 to June 26 , 2007 . Composed of 37 episodes , the anime was developed by Madhouse and directed by Tetsuro Araki . A light novel based on the series , written by Nisio Isin , was also released in 2006 . Additionally , various video games have been published by Konami for the Nintendo DS . The series was adapted into three live-action films released in Japan on June 17 , 2006 , November 3 , 2006 , and February 2 , 2008 , and a television drama in 2015 . A miniseries entitled `` Death Note : New Generation '' and a fourth film were released in 2016 . An upcoming American film is scheduled to be released on August 25 , 2017 .   Death Note media is licensed and released in North America by Viz Media , with the exception of the video games and soundtracks . The episodes from the anime first appeared in North America as downloadable from IGN , before Viz Media licensed it and it aired on YTV 's Bionix anime block in Canada and on Adult Swim in the United States with a DVD release following . The live-action films briefly played in certain North American theaters in 2008 , before receiving home video releases . In 2015 , the collected volumes of the Death Note manga had over 30 million copies in circulation .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lee Min-ho won Best New Actor award.", "evidence": "Lee Min-ho -LRB- , born June 22 , 1987 -RRB- is a South Korean actor and singer . He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009 . The role won him a Best New Actor award at the 45th Baeksang Arts Awards . He is noted for his leading roles in City Hunter -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , The Heirs -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and The Legend of the Blue Sea -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . The success of Lee 's television dramas throughout Asia established him as a top Hallyu star . Lee starred in his first leading role in film with Gangnam Blues -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , followed by his first China-produced film Bounty Hunters -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Leslie Howard was a producer.", "evidence": "Leslie Howard -LRB- born Leslie Howard Steiner , 3 April 18931 June 1943 -RRB- was an English stage and film actor , director and producer . Howard also wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times , The New Yorker and Vanity Fair . Howard was one of the biggest box-office draws and movie idols of the 1930s but is probably best remembered for playing Ashley Wilkes in Gone with the Wind -LRB- 1939 -RRB- . Howard had movie roles in many other notable films , including : Berkeley Square -LRB- 1933 -RRB- , Of Human Bondage -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , The Scarlet Pimpernel -LRB- 1934 -RRB- , The Petrified Forest -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , Pygmalion -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , Intermezzo -LRB- 1939 -RRB- , `` Pimpernel '' Smith -LRB- 1941 -RRB- and The First of the Few -LRB- 1942 -RRB- , receiving two nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor .   Howard 's Second World War activities included acting and filmmaking . He was active in anti-German propaganda and rumoured to have been involved with British or Allied Intelligence , sparking conspiracy theories regarding his death in 1943 at the hands of the German Luftwaffe when the British airliner on which he was a passenger was shot down over the Bay of Biscay .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "New York City features Columbia University.", "evidence": "The City of New York , often called New York City or simply New York , is the most populous city in the United States . With an estimated 2016 population of 8,537,673 distributed over a land area of about 302.6 sqmi , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States . Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world . A global power city , New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and entertainment , its fast pace defining the term New York minute . Home to the headquarters of the United Nations , New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural , financial , and media capital of the world .   Situated on one of the world 's largest natural harbors , New York City consists of five boroughs , each of which is a separate county of New York State . The five boroughs -- Brooklyn , Queens , Manhattan , The Bronx , and Staten Island -- were consolidated into a single city in 1898 . The city and its metropolitan area constitute the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States , and as many as 800 languages are spoken in New York , making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world . New York City is home to more than 3.2 million residents born outside the United States , the world 's largest foreign-born population of any city . By 2016 estimates , the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States , as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- , 20.2 million residents , and the Combined Statistical Area -LRB- CSA -RRB- , 23.7 million residents . In 2013 , the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product -LRB- GMP -RRB- of nearly US$ 1.39 trillion . In 2012 , the CSA generated a GMP of over US$ 1.55 trillion . NYC 's MSA and CSA GDP are higher than the GDPs of all but 11 and 12 countries , respectively .   New York City traces its origin to its 1624 founding in Lower Manhattan as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626 . The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664 and were renamed New York after King Charles II of England granted the lands to his brother , the Duke of York . New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790 . It has been the country 's largest city since 1790 . The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a symbol of the United States and its democracy . In the 21st century , New York has emerged as a global node of creativity and entrepreneurship , social tolerance , and environmental sustainability .   Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known , and the city received a record of nearly 60 million tourists in 2015 , hosting three of the world 's ten most visited tourist attractions in 2013 . Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world . Times Square , iconic as the world 's `` heart '' and its `` Crossroads '' , is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District , one of the world 's busiest pedestrian intersections , and a major center of the world 's entertainment industry . The names of many of the city 's bridges , tapered skyscrapers , and parks are known around the world . Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan , New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world , and the city is home to the world 's two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization , the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ . Manhattan 's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world . Manhattan 's Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere , with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city . Providing continuous 24/7 service , the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide , with stations in operation . Over 120 colleges and universities are located in New York City , including Columbia University , New York University , and Rockefeller University , which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "John Wayne Gacy Jr. was a serial killer.", "evidence": "John Wayne Gacy Jr. -LRB- March 17 , 1942 -- May 10 , 1994 -RRB- was an American serial killer and rapist . He sexually assaulted , tortured and murdered at least 33 teenage boys and young men between 1972 and 1978 in Cook County , Illinois -LRB- a part of metropolitan Chicago -RRB- .   All of Gacy 's known murders were committed inside his Norwood Park ranch house . His victims were typically lured to his address by force or deception , and all but one of his victims were murdered by either asphyxiation or strangulation with a makeshift tourniquet ; his first victim was stabbed to death . Gacy buried 26 of his victims in the crawl space of his home . Three other victims were buried elsewhere on his property , while the bodies of his last four known victims were discarded in the Des Plaines River .   Convicted of 33 murders , Gacy was sentenced to death on March 13 , 1980 for 12 of those killings . He spent 14 years on death row before he was finally executed by lethal injection at Stateville Correctional Center on May 10 , 1994 .   Gacy became known as the `` Killer Clown '' because of his charitable services at fundraising events , parades , and children 's parties where he would dress as `` Pogo the Clown '' , a character he devised himself .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "It was announced that Black Panther would be developed by Marvel Studios in 1928.", "evidence": "Black Panther is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name . Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , it is intended to be the eighteenth film installment of the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film is directed by Ryan Coogler from a screenplay by himself and Joe Robert Cole , and stars Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther , alongside Michael B. Jordan , Lupita Nyong ` o , Danai Gurira , Martin Freeman , Daniel Kaluuya , Angela Bassett , Forest Whitaker , and Andy Serkis . In Black Panther , T'Challa returns home as king of Wakanda but finds his sovereignty challenged by a long-time adversary in a conflict that has global consequences .   Wesley Snipes first mentioned his intention to work on a Black Panther film in 1992 , with that project going through multiple iterations over the next decade but never coming to fruition . A Black Panther film was announced as one of the ten Marvel films that would be developed by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures in September 2005 , with Mark Bailey hired to write a script in January 2011 . Black Panther was officially announced in October 2014 , with Boseman appearing first in Captain America : Civil War . By the end of 2015 , Cole and Coogler had both joined the film , and additional cast members came on board beginning in May 2016 . Principal photography for the film took place from January to April 2017 , at EUE/Screen Gems Studios and Pinewood Atlanta Studios in the Atlanta metropolitan area , and Busan , South Korea .   Black Panther is set to be released in the United States on February 16 , 2018 , in IMAX .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Joseph Stalin's birth took place before 1917.", "evidence": "Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8st\u0251\u02d0l\u026an -RSB- 18 December 1878 -- 5 March 1953 -RRB- was a Soviet revolutionary , politician and political theorist . He governed the Soviet Union from the mid-1920s until his death in 1953 . In this capacity , he served as the Premier of the Soviet Union from 1941 to 1953 and as General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1952 . Ideologically a Marxist and a Leninist , he helped to formalise these ideas as Marxism-Leninism while his own policies and theories became known as Stalinism .   Stalin was born to a poor Georgian family in Gori , Russian Empire . After an education at Tiflis Spiritual Seminary , he joined the Marxist Russian Social Democratic Labour Party . Affiliated with Vladimir Lenin 's Bolshevik faction , he raised funds via underground activities such as the 1907 Tiflis bank robbery . After the Bolsheviks seized power in 1917 and established a one-party state , Stalin sat on the Politburo during the Russian Civil War . In 1922 Stalin became General Secretary and established the Soviet Union . Despite Lenin 's objection , power consolidated around Stalin and opposition removed following Lenin 's death in 1924 . During Stalin 's tenure the concept of `` Socialism in One Country '' became a central tenet of Soviet society , and a cult of personality developed around Stalin . Lenin 's New Economic Policy was replaced with a centralised command economy , industrialisation and collectivisation . These rapidly transformed the country from an agrarian society into an industrial power , but disrupted food production and contributed to the famine of 1933 -- 34 . Between 1934 and 1939 , Stalin organised the `` Great Purge '' , in which millions of so-called `` enemies of the working class '' , including senior political and military figures , were interned in Gulag-run prisons , exiled or executed , often without due process .   In August 1939 Stalin entered a non-aggression pact with Nazi Germany , resulting in their invasion of Poland in September of that year . Germany ended the pact by invading the Soviet Union in 1941 . Despite initial setbacks , the Soviet Red Army halted the German incursion and captured Berlin in May 1945 , ending World War II in Europe . The Soviet Union annexed the Baltic states and backed the establishment of pro-Soviet Marxist governments both throughout Eastern Europe and in China , North Korea , and North Vietnam . The Soviet Union and United States emerged as the two world superpowers , and a period of tensions began between the Soviet-backed Eastern Bloc and U.S.-backed Western Bloc known as the Cold War . Stalin led the Soviet Union through its post-war reconstruction phase , during which it became the second country to develop a nuclear weapon , as well as launching the Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature in response to another major famine and the Great Construction Projects of Communism . Stalin died in 1953 and was succeeded by Nikita Khrushchev , who denounced Stalin and initiated a de-Stalinisation process .   Stalin is widely considered one of the most significant and influential figures of the 20th century . Stalinism influenced various Marxist-Leninist groups and governments across the world , for whom Stalin was a champion of socialism and the working class . After the fall of the Soviet Union , Stalin has been praised by supporters for his role in defeating Nazi Germany and establishing the Soviet Union as a major world power . Critics emphasise his role in causing millions of deaths and numerous political , religious and ethnic repressions .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Heather Watson's competitor for the WTA singles title was Chang Kai-Chen.", "evidence": "Heather Miriam Watson -LRB- born 19 May 1992 -RRB- is a British tennis player and a Wimbledon Mixed Doubles Champion . She is a former British No. 1 and current British No. 2 behind Johanna Konta .   She holds the Mixed Doubles title at the 2016 Wimbledon Championships with Henri Kontinen .   On 14 October 2012 , Watson won her first WTA singles title with a win over Chang Kai-chen of Taiwan in the final of the Japan Open , becoming the first British female to win a WTA singles title since Sara Gomer in 1988 .   In her junior career , Watson won the US Open and gold at the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games . She had been as high as No. 3 in the world on the ITF Junior Circuit .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Friends with Benefits features actors.", "evidence": "Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck , and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in the lead roles . The film features Patricia Clarkson , Jenna Elfman , Bryan Greenberg , Nolan Gould , Richard Jenkins , and Woody Harrelson in supporting roles . The plot revolves around Dylan Harper -LRB- Timberlake -RRB- and Jamie Rellis -LRB- Kunis -RRB- , who meet in New York City , and naively believe adding sex to their friendship will not lead to complications . Over time , they begin to develop deep mutual feelings for each other , only to deny it each time they are together .   Principal casting for Friends with Benefits took place over a three-month period from April to July 2010 . Gluck reworked the original script and plot shortly after casting Timberlake and Kunis . Filming began in New York City on July 20 , 2010 , and concluded in Los Angeles in September 2010 . The film was distributed by Screen Gems and was released in North America on July 22 , 2011 . Friends with Benefits was generally well received by film critics , most of whom praised the chemistry between the lead actors . The film became a commercial success at the box office , grossing over $ 150.4 million worldwide , against a budget of $ 35 million . It was nominated for two People 's Choice Awards -- Favorite Comedy Movie , and Favorite Comedic Movie Actress -LRB- Kunis -RRB- -- and two Teen Choice Awards for Timberlake and Kunis .  Bryan Greenberg -LRB- born May 24 , 1978 -RRB- is an American actor and singer , known for his starring role as Ben Epstein in the HBO original series How to Make It in America as well as a recurring role as Jake Jagielski in the WB series One Tree Hill and as Nick Garrett on the short-lived ABC drama October Road . His film work includes The Perfect Score , Prime , Nobel Son , Bride Wars , The Good Guy , Friends with Benefits , and A Short History of Decay .  Patricia Davies Clarkson -LRB- born December 29 , 1959 -RRB- is an American actress . She has starred in many leading and supporting roles in films such as The Station Agent , The Pledge , The Green Mile , Far from Heaven , High Art , Dogville , Good Night , and Good Luck , Easy A , and Cairo Time . She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Golden Globe for her performance in Pieces of April -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . She twice won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her recurring role in Six Feet Under . In 2015 , she was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance in The Elephant Man .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Sopranos had seven seasons.", "evidence": "The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase . The story revolves around the fictional character , New Jersey-based Italian American mobster Tony Soprano -LRB- James Gandolfini -RRB- . The series portrays the difficulties he faces as he tries to balance the conflicting requirements of his home life and his criminal organization . These are often highlighted during his therapy sessions with psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi -LRB- Lorraine Bracco -RRB- . The series features Tony 's family members , mafia colleagues and rivals , in prominent roles and story arcs , most notably his wife Carmela -LRB- Edie Falco -RRB- and prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Christopher Moltisanti -LRB- Michael Imperioli -RRB- .   After the pilot was ordered in 1997 , the show premiered on the premium cable network HBO in the United States on January 10 , 1999 , and ran its six seasons with 86 episodes to June 10 , 2007 . The series then went through syndication and has been broadcast on A&E in the United States and internationally . The Sopranos was produced by HBO , Chase Films , and Brad Grey Television . It was primarily filmed at Silvercup Studios , New York City , and on location in New Jersey . The executive producers throughout the show 's run were David Chase , Brad Grey , Robin Green , Mitchell Burgess , Ilene S. Landress , Terence Winter , and Matthew Weiner .   The Sopranos is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time . The series also won a multitude of awards , including Peabody Awards for its first two seasons , 21 Primetime Emmy Awards and five Golden Globe Awards . A staple of 2000s American popular culture , the series has been the subject of critical analysis , controversy , and parody . It has spawned books , a video game , high-charting soundtrack albums , and a large amount of assorted merchandise . Several members of the show 's cast and crew who were previously largely unknown to the public have had successful careers after The Sopranos . In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America named The Sopranos the best-written TV series of all time , while TV Guide ranked it the best television series of all time .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "England became the first industrialized nation.", "evidence": "England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom . It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west . The Irish Sea lies northwest of England and the Celtic Sea lies to the southwest . England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south . The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain -LRB- which lies in the North Atlantic -RRB- in its centre and south ; and includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly , and the Isle of Wight .   The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Palaeolithic period , but takes its name from the Angles , one of the Germanic tribes who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries . England became a unified state in the 10th century , and since the Age of Discovery , which began during the 15th century , has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world . The English language , the Anglican Church , and English law -- the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world -- developed in England , and the country 's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations . The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England , transforming its society into the world 's first industrialised nation .   England 's terrain mostly comprises low hills and plains , especially in central and southern England . However , there are uplands in the north -LRB- for example , the mountainous Lake District , and the Pennines -RRB- and in the southwest -LRB- for example , Dartmoor and the Cotswolds -RRB- . The capital is London , which is the largest metropolitan area in both the United Kingdom and the European Union.According to the European Statistical Agency , London is the largest Larger Urban Zone in the EU , a measure of metropolitan area which comprises a city 's urban core as well as its surrounding commuting zone . London 's municipal population is also the largest in the EU . England 's population of over 53 million comprises 84 % of the population of the United Kingdom , largely concentrated around London , the South East , and conurbations in the Midlands , the North West , the North East , and Yorkshire , which each developed as major industrial regions during the 19th century .   The Kingdom of England -- which after 1535 included Wales -- ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May 1707 , when the Acts of Union put into effect the terms agreed in the Treaty of Union the previous year , resulting in a political union with the Kingdom of Scotland to create the Kingdom of Great Britain . In 1801 , Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland through another Act of Union to become the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom , leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Anna Paquin was unable to perform the role of Flora McGrath.", "evidence": "Anna Helene Paquin -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8p\u00e6kw\u026an -RSB- born 24 July 1982 -RRB- is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress . Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington , New Zealand , Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and the Wellington Girls ' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career . As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film The Piano -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role . For her performance , she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the age of 11 , making her the second-youngest Academy Award winner in Oscar history .   Paquin went on to become a successful child actress , receiving multiple Young Artist Award nominations for her roles in Fly Away Home -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , The Member of the Wedding -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , and A Walk on the Moon -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture for appearing in Cameron Crowe 's comedy-drama film Almost Famous -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . She played mutant superheroine Rogue in multiple films of the X-Men franchise and was nominated for a Saturn Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance in the first instalment .   Paquin is also known for playing the lead role of Sookie Stackhouse in the HBO vampire drama television series True Blood -LRB- 2008 -- 2014 -RRB- . For her performance in the series , Paquin won the Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series -- Drama in 2009 and was nominated for an additional Golden Globe Award in 2010 , as well as three Saturn Awards and a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2010 . Among other accolades , Paquin has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award , a Golden Globe Award , and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her work on the 2007 television film Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee and a Golden Globe Award for her work on the 2009 television film The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler . Paquin has been married since 2010 to actor Stephen Moyer , with whom she has two children .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Matrix Revolutions was directed by Steven Spielberg.", "evidence": "The Matrix Revolutions is a 2003 American -- Australian science fiction action film written and directed by The Wachowski Brothers . It was the third installment of the Matrix trilogy , released six months following The Matrix Reloaded . The film was released simultaneously in 60 countries on November 5 , 2003 . While it is the final film in the series , the Matrix storyline is continued in The Matrix Online . It was the second live-action film to be released in both regular and IMAX theaters at the same time .   The film received generally average reviews from critics .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Bob Kane and Jerry Robinson claim responsibility for the Joker's design.", "evidence": "The Joker is a fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger , Bob Kane , and Jerry Robinson who first appeared in the debut issue of the comic book Batman -LRB- April 25 , 1940 -RRB- published by DC Comics . Credit for the Joker 's creation is disputed ; Kane and Robinson claimed responsibility for the Joker 's design , while acknowledging Finger 's writing contribution . Although the Joker was planned to be killed off during his initial appearance , he was spared by editorial intervention , allowing the character to endure as the archenemy of the superhero Batman .   In his comic book appearances , the Joker is portrayed as a criminal mastermind . Introduced as a psychopath with a warped , sadistic sense of humor , the character became a goofy prankster in the late 1950s in response to regulation by the Comics Code Authority , before returning to his darker roots during the early 1970s . As Batman 's nemesis , the Joker has been part of the superhero 's defining stories , including the murder of Jason Todd -- the second Robin and Batman 's ward -- and the paralysis of one of Batman 's allies , Barbara Gordon . The Joker has had various possible origin stories during his decades of appearances . The most common story involves him falling into a tank of chemical waste which bleaches his skin white , turns his hair green , and his lips bright red ; the resulting disfigurement drives him insane . The antithesis of Batman in personality and appearance , the Joker is considered by critics to be his perfect adversary .   The Joker possesses no superhuman abilities , instead using his expertise in chemical engineering to develop poisonous or lethal concoctions , and thematic weaponry , including razor-tipped playing cards , deadly joy buzzers , and acid-spraying lapel flowers . The Joker sometimes works with other Gotham City supervillains such as the Penguin and Two-Face , and groups like the Injustice Gang and Injustice League , but these relationships often collapse due to the Joker 's desire for unbridled chaos . The 1990s introduced a romantic interest for the Joker in his former psychiatrist , Harley Quinn , who becomes his villainous sidekick . Although his primary obsession is Batman , the Joker has also fought other heroes including Superman and Wonder Woman .   One of the most iconic characters in popular culture , the Joker has been listed among the greatest comic book villains and fictional characters ever created . The character 's popularity has seen him appear on a variety of merchandise , such as clothing and collectable items , inspire real-world structures -LRB- such as theme park attractions -RRB- , and be referenced in a number of media . The Joker has been adapted to serve as Batman 's adversary in live-action , animated , and video game incarnations , including the 1960s Batman television series -LRB- played by Cesar Romero -RRB- and in film by Jack Nicholson in Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and Jared Leto in Suicide Squad -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Mark Hamill , Troy Baker , and others have provided the character 's voice .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Robert Wagner wrote his autobiography by himself.", "evidence": "Robert John Wagner , Jr. -LRB- pronounced -LSB- \u02c8w\u00e6gn\u0259r -RSB- born February 10 , 1930 -RRB- is an American actor of stage , screen , and television , best known for starring in the television shows It Takes a Thief -LRB- 1968 -- 70 -RRB- , Switch -LRB- 1975 -- 78 -RRB- , and Hart to Hart -LRB- 1979 -- 84 -RRB- . He also had a recurring role as Teddy Leopold on the TV sitcom Two and a Half Men and has a recurring role as Anthony DiNozzo Sr. on the police procedural NCIS .   In movies , Wagner is known for his role as Number Two in the Austin Powers trilogy of films -LRB- 1997 , 1999 , 2002 -RRB- , as well as for A Kiss Before Dying , The Pink Panther , Harper , The Towering Inferno and many more .   Wagner 's autobiography , Pieces of My Heart : A Life , written with author Scott Eyman , was published on September 23 , 2008 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Angelina Jolie was in Salt.", "evidence": "Angelina Jolie Pitt -LRB- -LSB- d\u0292o\u028a\u02c8li\u02d0 -RSB- ; n\u00e9e Voight ; born June 4 , 1975 -RRB- is an American actress , filmmaker , philanthropist and humanitarian . She has received an Academy Award , two Screen Actors Guild Awards , and three Golden Globe Awards , and has been cited as Hollywood 's highest-paid actress . Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father , Jon Voight , in Lookin ' to Get Out -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . Her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production Cyborg 2 -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , followed by her first leading role in a major film , Hackers -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films George Wallace -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and Gia -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama Girl , Interrupted -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .   Jolie 's starring role as the video game heroine Lara Croft in Lara Croft : Tomb Raider -LRB- 2001 -RRB- established her as a leading Hollywood actress . She continued her successful action-star career with Mr. & Mrs. Smith -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , Wanted -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , and Salt -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , and received critical acclaim for her performances in the dramas A Mighty Heart -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Changeling -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Actress . Beginning in the 2010s , she expanded her career into directing , screenwriting , and producing , starting with the wartime dramas In the Land of Blood and Honey -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Unbroken -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Her biggest commercial success came with the fantasy picture Maleficent -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   In addition to her film career , Jolie is noted for her humanitarian efforts , for which she has received a Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award and an honorary damehood of the Order of St Michael and St George -LRB- DCMG -RRB- , among other honors . She promotes various causes , including conservation , education , and women 's rights , and is most noted for her advocacy on behalf of refugees as a Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- . As a public figure , Jolie has been cited as one of the most influential and powerful people in the American entertainment industry , as well as the world 's most beautiful woman , by various media outlets . Her personal life is the subject of wide publicity . Divorced from actors Jonny Lee Miller and Billy Bob Thornton , she separated from her third husband , actor Brad Pitt , in September 2016 . They have six children together , three of whom were adopted internationally .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dangerous Liaisons is exclusively a drama film.", "evidence": "Dangerous Liaisons is a 1988 American historical drama film based upon Christopher Hampton 's play Les liaisons dangereuses , which in turn was a theatrical adaptation of the 18th-century French novel Les Liaisons dangereuses by Pierre Choderlos de Laclos .   The film was directed by Stephen Frears . The performances of Glenn Close , John Malkovich and Michelle Pfeiffer , the cinematography of Philippe Rousselot , the costume design by James Acheson , and the screenplay by Christopher Hampton , garnered critical acclaim . Swoosie Kurtz , Mildred Natwick and Peter Capaldi appeared in supporting roles , as did the young , and then-relatively unknown , actors Keanu Reeves and Uma Thurman .   The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards , including Best Picture ; it won those for Best Adapted Screenplay , Best Costume Design , and Best Art Direction .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Michael Jackson was acquitted of allegations.", "evidence": "Michael Joseph Jackson -LRB- August 29 , 1958 -- June 25 , 2009 -RRB- was an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer , actor , and philanthropist . Called the `` King of Pop '' , his contributions to music , dance , and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades .   The eighth child of the Jackson family , Michael made his professional debut in 1964 with his elder brothers Jackie , Tito , Jermaine , and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5 . He began his solo career in 1971 . In the early 1980s , Jackson became a dominant figure in popular music . His music videos , including those of `` Beat It '' , `` Billie Jean '' , and `` Thriller '' from his 1982 album Thriller , are credited with breaking racial barriers and transforming the medium into an art form and promotional tool . The popularity of these videos helped bring the television channel MTV to fame . Jackson 's 1987 album Bad spawned the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles `` I Just Ca n't Stop Loving You '' , `` Bad '' , `` The Way You Make Me Feel '' , `` Man in the Mirror '' , and `` Dirty Diana '' , becoming the first album to have five number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 . He continued to innovate with videos such as `` Black or White '' and `` Scream '' throughout the 1990s , and forged a reputation as a touring solo artist . Through stage and video performances , Jackson popularized a number of complicated dance techniques , such as the robot and the moonwalk , to which he gave the name . His distinctive sound and style has influenced numerous artists of various music genres .   Thriller is the best-selling album of all time , with estimated sales of 65 million copies worldwide . Jackson 's other albums , including Off the Wall -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , Bad -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Dangerous -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , and HIStory -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , also rank among the world 's best-selling albums . He is recognized as the Most Successful Entertainer of All Time by Guinness World Records . Jackson is one of the few artists to have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice , and was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Dance Hall of Fame as the only dancer from pop and rock music . His other achievements include multiple Guinness World Records , 13 Grammy Awards , the Grammy Legend Award , the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award , 26 American Music Awards -- more than any other artist -- including the `` Artist of the Century '' and `` Artist of the 1980s '' , 13 number-one singles in the United States during his solo career -- more than any other male artist in the Hot 100 era -- and estimated sales of over 350 million records worldwide . Jackson won hundreds of awards , making him the most awarded recording artist in the history of popular music . He became the first artist in history to have a top ten single in the Billboard Hot 100 in five different decades when `` Love Never Felt So Good '' reached number nine on May 21 , 2014 . Jackson traveled the world attending events honoring his humanitarianism , and , in 2000 , the Guinness World Records recognized him for supporting 39 charities , more than any other entertainer .   Aspects of Jackson 's personal life , including his changing appearance , personal relationships , and behavior , generated controversy . In 1993 , he was accused of child sexual abuse , but the civil case was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount and no formal charges were brought . In 2005 , he was tried and acquitted of further child sexual abuse allegations and several other charges after the jury found him not guilty on all counts . While preparing for his comeback concert series , This Is It , Jackson died of acute propofol and benzodiazepine intoxication on June 25 , 2009 , after suffering from cardiac arrest . The Los Angeles County Coroner ruled his death a homicide , and his personal physician , Conrad Murray , was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Jackson 's death triggered a global outpouring of grief , and a live broadcast of his public memorial service was viewed around the world . Forbes ranks Jackson the top-earning dead celebrity , with earnings of $ 825 million in 2016 , the highest yearly amount ever recorded by the publication .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Courtney Love refused to appear in Man on the Moon (1999).", "evidence": "Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; born July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American singer , actress , writer , and visual artist . Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s , Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades . She rose to prominence as the frontwoman of the alternative rock band Hole , which she formed in 1989 . Love has drawn public attention for her uninhibited live performances and confrontational lyrics , as well as her highly publicized personal life following her marriage to Kurt Cobain .   The daughter of Hank Harrison and psychotherapist Linda Carroll , Love had an itinerant early life . She spent her formative years in San Francisco and Portland , Oregon , where she was in a series of short-lived bands before being cast in two films by British director Alex Cox . After forming Hole in 1989 , she received substantial attention from underground rock press for the group 's debut album , produced by Kim Gordon . Hole 's second release , Live Through This -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , gave her high-profile renown with critical accolades and multi-platinum sales . In 1995 , Love returned to acting , earning a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance as Althea Leasure in Milo\u0161 Forman 's The People vs. Larry Flynt -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , which established her as a mainstream actress . The following year , she saw further mainstream success with the release of Hole 's third album , Celebrity Skin -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , which was nominated for multiple Grammy Awards .   Love continued to work as an actress into the early 2000s , appearing in big-budget pictures such as Man on the Moon -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and Trapped -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , before releasing her first solo album , America 's Sweetheart , in 2004 . The next few years were marked by publicity surrounding Love 's legal troubles and drug addiction , which resulted in a mandatory lockdown rehabilitation sentence in 2005 while she was in the process of writing a second planned solo album . That project became Nobody 's Daughter , which was released in 2010 as a Hole album but without any other members of the original lineup . Between 2014 and 2015 , she released two solo singles and returned to acting in the network series Sons of Anarchy and Empire .   Love has also had endeavors in writing , co-creating and co-authoring three volumes of a manga , Princess Ai , between 2004 and 2006 , as well as a memoir , Dirty Blonde : The Diaries of Courtney Love -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . In 2012 , she premiered an exhibit of mixed media visual art titled And She 's Not Even Pretty .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Taiwan did not change from a one-party military dictatorship to a multi-party democracy in the 1980s and early 1990s.", "evidence": "Taiwan -LRB- -LSB- ta\u026a\u02c8w\u0251\u02d0n -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- , is a state in East Asia . Its neighbours include China -LRB- officially the People 's Republic of China , PRC -RRB- to the west , Japan to the northeast , and the Philippines to the south .  Taiwan is the most populous state that is not a member of the United Nations , and also possesses the largest economy of any state outside of the UN .   The island of Taiwan , also known as Formosa , was mainly inhabited by Taiwanese aborigines before the 17th century , when Dutch and Spanish colonies opened the island to Han Chinese immigration . After a brief rule by the Kingdom of Tungning , the island was annexed by the Qing dynasty , the last dynasty of China . The Qing ceded Taiwan to Japan in 1895 after the Sino-Japanese War . While Taiwan was under Japanese rule , the Republic of China -LRB- ROC -RRB- was established on the mainland in 1912 after the fall of the Qing dynasty . Following the Japanese surrender to the Allies in 1945 , the ROC took control of Taiwan . However , the resumption of the Chinese Civil War led to the ROC 's loss of the mainland to the Communists , and the flight of the ROC government to Taiwan in 1949 . Although the ROC continued to claim to be the legitimate government of China , its effective jurisdiction since 1949 has been limited to Taiwan and its surrounding islands , with the main island making up 99 % of its de facto territory . As a founding member of the United Nations , the ROC continued to represent China at the United Nations until 1971 , when the PRC assumed China 's seat , causing the ROC to lose its UN membership .   In the early 1960s , Taiwan entered a period of rapid economic growth and industrialization , creating a stable industrial economy . In the 1980s and early 1990s , it changed from a one-party military dictatorship dominated by the Kuomintang to a multi-party democracy with a semi-presidential system . Taiwan is the 22nd-largest economy in the world , and its high-tech industry plays a key role in the global economy . It is ranked highly in terms of freedom of the press , healthcare , public education , economic freedom , and human development . The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most highly educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree .   The PRC has consistently claimed sovereignty over Taiwan and asserted the ROC is no longer in legitimate existence . Under its One-China Policy the PRC refused diplomatic relations with any country that recognizes the ROC . Today only a few smaller nations recognize the ROC as the sole legal representative of China , but many other states maintain unofficial ties through representative offices and institutions that function as de facto embassies and consulates . Although Taiwan is fully self-governing , most international organizations in which the PRC participates either refuse to grant membership to Taiwan or allow it to participate only as a non-state actor . Internally , the major division in politics is between the aspirations of eventual Chinese unification or Taiwanese independence , though both sides have moderated their positions to broaden their appeal . The PRC has threatened the use of military force in response to any formal declaration of independence by Taiwan or if PRC leaders decide that peaceful unification is no longer possible .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Battle Studies World Tour was a tour by a singer from the United States.", "evidence": "Battle Studies World Tour was a worldwide tour by American singer John Mayer . The tour spanned across the United States , Canada , Denmark , Australia , and the Netherlands , promoting his 2009 album Battle Studies .  John Clayton Mayer -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8me\u026a.\u025a -RSB- born October 16 , 1977 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer . He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield . He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston , but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook . Together , they formed a short-lived two-man band called Lo-Fi Masters . After their split , Mayer continued to play local clubs -- refining his skills and gaining a following . After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out . His following two full-length albums -- Room for Squares -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Heavier Things -LRB- 2003 -RRB- -- did well commercially , achieving multi-platinum status . In 2003 , he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single `` Your Body Is a Wonderland '' .   Though Mayer started his career mainly performing acoustic rock , he began moving towards the blues genre that had originally influenced him as a musician . By 2005 , he was collaborating with blues artists such as B. B. King , Buddy Guy , and Eric Clapton . Forming the John Mayer Trio , he released a live album in 2005 called Try ! , and his third studio album Continuum in 2006 . Both albums received wide critical acclaim , and Continuum earned Mayer a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album . He also won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Waiting on the World to Change '' . That album was followed by Battle Studies in 2009 , a return to pop , with a number-one grossing tour .   After having several controversial incidents with the media , Mayer withdrew from public life in 2010 and began work on a follow-up album , called Born and Raised , that would draw inspiration from the 1970s pop music of Laurel Canyon . However , the discovery of a granuloma on his vocal cords delayed the release of the album until May 2012 , and ultimately forced him to cancel the planned tour . Even so , the album enjoyed a generally favorable reception , though was less commercially successful than his previous work . After extensive treatments for his vocal problems -- and a two-year hiatus -- Mayer began performing as a singer again in January 2013 , and that year released the album , Paradise Valley . The album is named for where he lives in Montana and features country music influences . By 2014 , he had sold a total of over 20 million albums worldwide . After developing an interest in the Grateful Dead and connecting with Bob Weir , Mayer formed Dead & Company with three former Grateful Dead musicians . After two well-received tours in the fall of 2015 and summer of 2016 , the band has already committed to another tour for the summer of 2017 .   Mayer 's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting , comedy , and writing ; he has authored columns for magazines such as Esquire . He supports various causes and has performed at charity benefits . He is a watch aficionado -LRB- with a collection he values in the `` tens of millions '' of dollars -RRB- , and has been on the jury at the Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Gen\u00e8ve . He currently lives in Montana . His latest song is `` Love on the Weekend '' .  John Clayton Mayer -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8me\u026a.\u025a -RSB- born October 16 , 1977 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer . He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield . He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston , but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook . Together , they formed a short-lived two-man band called Lo-Fi Masters . After their split , Mayer continued to play local clubs -- refining his skills and gaining a following . After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out . His following two full-length albums -- Room for Squares -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Heavier Things -LRB- 2003 -RRB- -- did well commercially , achieving multi-platinum status . In 2003 , he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single `` Your Body Is a Wonderland '' .   Though Mayer started his career mainly performing acoustic rock , he began moving towards the blues genre that had originally influenced him as a musician . By 2005 , he was collaborating with blues artists such as B. B. King , Buddy Guy , and Eric Clapton . Forming the John Mayer Trio , he released a live album in 2005 called Try ! , and his third studio album Continuum in 2006 . Both albums received wide critical acclaim , and Continuum earned Mayer a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album . He also won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Waiting on the World to Change '' . That album was followed by Battle Studies in 2009 , a return to pop , with a number-one grossing tour .   After having several controversial incidents with the media , Mayer withdrew from public life in 2010 and began work on a follow-up album , called Born and Raised , that would draw inspiration from the 1970s pop music of Laurel Canyon . However , the discovery of a granuloma on his vocal cords delayed the release of the album until May 2012 , and ultimately forced him to cancel the planned tour . Even so , the album enjoyed a generally favorable reception , though was less commercially successful than his previous work . After extensive treatments for his vocal problems -- and a two-year hiatus -- Mayer began performing as a singer again in January 2013 , and that year released the album , Paradise Valley . The album is named for where he lives in Montana and features country music influences . By 2014 , he had sold a total of over 20 million albums worldwide . After developing an interest in the Grateful Dead and connecting with Bob Weir , Mayer formed Dead & Company with three former Grateful Dead musicians . After two well-received tours in the fall of 2015 and summer of 2016 , the band has already committed to another tour for the summer of 2017 .   Mayer 's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting , comedy , and writing ; he has authored columns for magazines such as Esquire . He supports various causes and has performed at charity benefits . He is a watch aficionado -LRB- with a collection he values in the `` tens of millions '' of dollars -RRB- , and has been on the jury at the Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Gen\u00e8ve . He currently lives in Montana . His latest song is `` Love on the Weekend '' .  Connecticut -LRB- -LSB- k\u0259\u02c8n\u025bt\u1d7bk\u0259t -RSB- -RRB- is the southernmost state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . As of the 2010 Census , Connecticut features the highest per-capita income , Human Development Index -LRB- 0.962 -RRB- , and median household income in the United States . Connecticut is bordered by Rhode Island to the east , Massachusetts to the north , New York to the west , and Long Island Sound to the south . Its capital city is Hartford , and its most populous city is Bridgeport . Although Connecticut is technically part of New England , it is often grouped along with New York and New Jersey as the Tri-state area . The state is named for the Connecticut River , a major U.S. river that approximately bisects the state . The word `` Connecticut '' is derived from various anglicized spellings of an Algonquian word for `` long tidal river '' .   Connecticut is the third smallest state by area , the 29th most populous , and the fourth most densely populated of the 50 United States . It is known as the `` Constitution State '' , the `` Nutmeg State '' , the `` Provisions State '' , and the `` Land of Steady Habits '' . It was influential in the development of the federal government of the United States . Much of southern and western Connecticut -LRB- along with the majority of the state 's population -RRB- is part of the New York metropolitan area ; three of Connecticut 's eight counties are statistically included in the New York City combined statistical area , which is widely referred to as the Tri-State area . Connecticut 's center of population is in Cheshire , New Haven County , which is also located within the Tri-State area .   Connecticut 's first European settlers were Dutch . They established a small , short-lived settlement in present-day Hartford at the confluence of the Park and Connecticut rivers called Huys de Goede Hoop . Initially , half of Connecticut was a part of the Dutch colony New Netherland , which included much of the land between the Connecticut and Delaware rivers . The first major settlements were established in the 1630s by England . Thomas Hooker led a band of followers overland from the Massachusetts Bay Colony and founded what became the Connecticut Colony ; other settlers from Massachusetts founded the Saybrook Colony and the New Haven Colony . The Connecticut and New Haven Colonies established documents of Fundamental Orders , considered the first constitutions in North America . In 1662 , the three colonies were merged under a royal charter , making Connecticut a crown colony . This colony was one of the Thirteen Colonies that revolted against British rule in the American Revolution .   The Connecticut River , Thames River , and ports along the Long Island Sound have given Connecticut a strong Maritime tradition which continues today . The state also has a long history of hosting the financial services industry , including insurance companies in Hartford and hedge funds in Fairfield County .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "There is a film called The Breakfast Club.", "evidence": "The Breakfast Club is a 1985 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written , produced , and directed by John Hughes , starring Emilio Estevez , Paul Gleason , Anthony Michael Hall , Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy . The storyline follows five teenagers , each members of different high school cliques , who spend a Saturday in detention together and come to realize that they are all more than their respective stereotypes , while facing a strict disciplinarian .   The film premiered in Los Angeles on February 7 , 1985 . Universal Pictures released the film in cinemas in the United States on February 15 , 1985 . It received critical acclaim and earned $ 51.5 million on a $ 1 million budget . Critics consider it one of the greatest high school films of all time , as well as one of Hughes ' most memorable and recognizable works . The media referred to the film 's five main actors as members of a group called the `` Brat Pack '' .   The title comes from the nickname invented by students and staff for morning detention at New Trier High School , the school attended by the son of one of John Hughes ' friends . Thus , those who were sent to detention before school starting time were designated members of `` The Breakfast Club '' .  In 2016 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .   The film was digitally remastered and was re-screened throughout 430 theaters in celebration of its 30th anniversary in 2015 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Stephen Rider turned down the opportunity to work in the series Lucky 7.", "evidence": "Stephen Rider is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Admiral Stephen W. Rochon in the film The Butler and Eric Millworth in the series Lucky 7 . He is currently playing a District Attorney named Blake Tower in the Marvel 's series Daredevil .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Sade is a female artist famous for her music and acting.", "evidence": "Helen Folasade Adu , OBE -LRB- F\u1ecdl\u00e1\u1e63ad\u00e9 Ad\u00fa -LSB- f\u0254\u0304l\u00e1\u0283\u0101d\u00e9 \u0101d\u00fa -RSB- born 16 January 1959 -RRB- , known professionally as Sade Adu or simply Sade -LRB- -LSB- \u0283\u0251\u02d0\u02c8de\u026a -RSB- -RRB- , is a Nigerian-born British singer-songwriter , composer , arranger , and record producer . With members Paul S. Denman , Andrew Hale , and Stuart Matthewman , she gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of the English band Sade . Following a brief stint as a fashion designer of men 's clothing and part-time model , Adu began backup singing for the band Pride . Growing attention from record labels led her , along with other fellow band members , to separate from Pride and form the band Sade . Following a record deal with Epic Records the band released their debut album Diamond Life -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . The album sold over six million copies , becoming one of the top-selling debut recordings of the 1980s , and the best-selling debut ever by a British female vocalist .   Following the release of the band 's debut album , they went on to release a string of multi-platinum selling albums . Their follow-up Promise was released in 1985 and peaked at number-one in the UK Albums Chart , the US Billboard 200 , and went on to sell four million copies in the US . Sade would later go on to make her acting debut in the British film , Absolute Beginners -LRB- 1986 -RRB- , before the release of the band 's albums , Stronger Than Pride -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and Love Deluxe -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . After the release of the fifth album , Lovers Rock -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , the band embarked on a ten-year hiatus in which Sade raised her daughter . Following the hiatus , the band returned with their sixth album , Soldier of Love -LRB- 2010 -RRB- which became a commercial success and won a Grammy Award .   Sade 's US certified sales so far stand at 23.5 million units according to Recording Industry Association of America -LRB- RIAA -RRB- website and have sold more than 50 million units worldwide to date . The band was ranked at number 50 on VH1 's list of the `` 100 greatest artists of all time '' . In 2002 , Adu was awarded an OBE for services to music , and stated her award was `` a great gesture to me and all black women in England '' . In 2010 , The Sunday Times described her as the most successful solo British female artist in history . In 2012 , Sade was listed at number 30 on VH1 's `` 100 Greatest Women In Music '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Dangerous Beauty was directed by someone.", "evidence": "Dangerous Beauty is a 1998 American biographical drama film directed by Marshall Herskovitz and starring Catherine McCormack , Rufus Sewell , and Oliver Platt . Based on the non-fiction book The Honest Courtesan by Margaret Rosenthal , the film is about Veronica Franco , a courtesan in sixteenth-century Venice who becomes a hero to her city , but later becomes the target of an inquisition by the Church for witchcraft . The film features a supporting cast that includes Fred Ward , Naomi Watts , Moira Kelly and Jacqueline Bisset . The film was released as A Destiny of Her Own in some regions , and was retitled The Honest Courtesan ' for its UK video release .  Marshall Schreiber Herskovitz -LRB- born February 23 , 1952 -RRB- is an American film director , writer and producer , and currently the President Emeritus of the Producers Guild of America . Among his productions are Traffic , The Last Samurai , Blood Diamond , and I Am Sam . Herskovitz has directed two feature films , Jack the Bear and Dangerous Beauty . Herskovitz was a creator and executive producer of the television shows thirtysomething , My So-Called Life , and Once and Again , and also wrote and directed several episodes of all three series .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "October was the month in which Edgar Allan Poe died.", "evidence": "Edgar Allan Poe -LRB- -LSB- po\u028a -RSB- born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 -- October 7 , 1849 -RRB- was an American writer , editor , and literary critic . Poe is best known for his poetry and short stories , particularly his tales of mystery and the macabre . He is widely regarded as a central figure of Romanticism in the United States and American literature as a whole , and he was one of the country 's earliest practitioners of the short story . Poe is generally considered the inventor of the detective fiction genre and is further credited with contributing to the emerging genre of science fiction . He was the first well-known American writer to try to earn a living through writing alone , resulting in a financially difficult life and career .   Poe was born in Boston , the second child of two actors . His father abandoned the family in 1810 , and his mother died the following year . Thus orphaned , the child was taken in by John and Frances Allan of Richmond , Virginia . They never formally adopted him , but Poe was with them well into young adulthood . Tension developed later as John Allan and Edgar repeatedly clashed over debts , including those incurred by gambling , and the cost of secondary education for the young man . Poe attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money . Poe quarreled with Allan over the funds for his education and enlisted in the Army in 1827 under an assumed name . It was at this time that his publishing career began , albeit humbly , with the anonymous collection of poems Tamerlane and Other Poems -LRB- 1827 -RRB- , credited only to `` a Bostonian '' . With the death of Frances Allan in 1829 , Poe and Allan reached a temporary rapprochement . However , Poe later failed as an officer cadet at West Point , declaring a firm wish to be a poet and writer , and he ultimately parted ways with John Allan .   Poe switched his focus to prose and spent the next several years working for literary journals and periodicals , becoming known for his own style of literary criticism . His work forced him to move among several cities , including Baltimore , Philadelphia , and New York City . In Richmond in 1836 , he married Virginia Clemm , his 13-year-old cousin . In January 1845 , Poe published his poem `` The Raven '' to instant success . His wife died of tuberculosis two years after its publication . For years , he had been planning to produce his own journal The Penn -LRB- later renamed The Stylus -RRB- , though he died before it could be produced . Poe died in Baltimore on October 7 , 1849 , at age 40 ; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol , brain congestion , cholera , drugs , heart disease , rabies , suicide , tuberculosis , and other agents .   Poe and his works influenced literature in the United States and around the world , as well as in specialized fields such as cosmology and cryptography . Poe and his work appear throughout popular culture in literature , music , films , and television . A number of his homes are dedicated museums today . The Mystery Writers of America present an annual award known as the Edgar Award for distinguished work in the mystery genre .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Roger Penrose was a co-recipient of the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics along with Stephen Hawking.", "evidence": "Sir Roger Penrose -LRB- born 8 August 1931 -RRB- is an English mathematical physicist , mathematician and philosopher of science . He is the Emeritus Rouse Ball Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematical Institute of the University of Oxford , as well as an Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College .   Penrose is known for his work in mathematical physics , in particular for his contributions to general relativity and cosmology . He has received several prizes and awards , including the 1988 Wolf Prize for physics , which he shared with Stephen Hawking for their contribution to our understanding of the universe .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Muhammad did not migrate from Mecca to Medina.", "evidence": "Mu\u1e25ammad ibn \u02bfAbd All\u0101hFull name : Ab\u016b al-Q\u0101sim Mu\u1e25ammad ibn \u02bfAbd All\u0101h ibn \u02bfAbd al-Mu\u1e6d\u1e6dalib ibn H\u0101shim -LRB- \u0627\u0628\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0642\u0627\u0633\u0645 \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0639\u0628\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0639\u0628\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0637\u0644\u0628 \u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0647\u0627\u0634\u0645 , lit : Father of Qasim Muhammad son of Abd Allah son of Abdul-Muttalib son of Hashim -RRB- -LRB- \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f -LSB- mu\u0127ammad -RSB- ; Classical Arabic pronunciation c. 570 CE -- 8 June 632 CE -RRB- is the prophet of Islam and widely identified as its founder by non-Muslims . According to Islamic doctrine , he was God 's Messenger -LRB- ras\u016bl All\u0101h -RRB- sent to confirm the essential teachings of monotheism preached previously by Adam , Abraham , Moses , Jesus , and other prophets . He is viewed as the final prophet of God in primary branches of Islam , though some modern denominations diverge from this belief.The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community considers Muhammad to be the `` Seal of the Prophets '' -LRB- Kh\u0101tam an-Nabiyy\u012bn -RRB- and the last law-bearing Prophet but not the last Prophet . See :   There are also smaller sects which believe Muhammad to be not the last Prophet :  The Nation of Islam considers Elijah Muhammad to be a prophet -LRB- source : African American Religious Leaders -- p. 76 , Jim Haskins , Kathleen Benson -- 2008 -RRB- .  United Submitters International consider Rashad Khalifa to be a prophet . -LRB- Source : Daniel Pipes , Miniatures : Views of Islamic and Middle Eastern Politics , p. 98 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -RRB- Muhammad united Arabia into a single Muslim polity and ensured that his teachings , practices , and the Quran , formed the basis of Islamic religious belief .   Born approximately 570CE -LRB- Year of the Elephant -RRB- in the Arabian city of Mecca , Muhammad was orphaned at an early age ; he was raised under the care of his paternal uncle Abu Talib . Periodically , he would seclude himself in a mountain cave named Hira for several nights of prayer ; later , at age 40 , he reported being visited by Gabriel in the cave , where he stated he received his first revelation from God . Three years later , in 610 , Muhammad started preaching these revelations publicly , proclaiming that `` God is One '' , that complete `` surrender '' -LRB- lit . isl\u0101m -RRB- to him is the right course of action -LRB- d\u012bn -RRB- , and that he was a prophet and messenger of God , similar to the other prophets in Islam .   Muhammad gained few early followers , and met hostility from some Meccan tribes . To escape persecution , Muhammad sent some followers to Abyssinia before he and his followers migrated from Mecca to Medina -LRB- then known as Yathrib -RRB- in the year 622 . This event , the Hijra , marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar , also known as the Hijri Calendar . In Medina , Muhammad united the tribes under the Constitution of Medina . In December 629 , after eight years of intermittent conflict with Meccan tribes , Muhammad gathered an army of 10,000 Muslim converts and marched on the city of Mecca . The attack went largely uncontested and Muhammad seized the city with little bloodshed . In 632 , a few months after returning from the Farewell Pilgrimage , he fell ill and died . Before his death , most of the Arabian Peninsula had converted to Islam .   The revelations -LRB- each known as Ayah , lit . `` Sign -LSB- of God -RSB- '' -RRB- , which Muhammad reported receiving until his death , form the verses of the Quran , regarded by Muslims as the `` Word of God '' and around which the religion is based . Besides the Quran , Muhammad 's teachings and practices -LRB- sunnah -RRB- , found in the Hadith and sira literature , are also upheld by Muslims and used as sources of Islamic law -LRB- see Sharia -RRB- .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Anne Hathaway had a role.", "evidence": "Anne Jacqueline Hathaway -LRB- born November 12 , 1982 -RRB- is an American actress and singer . Born in Brooklyn , New York and brought up in Millburn , New Jersey , Hathaway was inspired to act by her mother and as a high school student was nominated for the Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Award for Best Performance by a High School Actress for her performance in Once Upon a Mattress . She made her professional screen debut in the short-lived Fox television series Get Real -LRB- 1999 -- 2000 -RRB- , before landing the lead role of Mia Thermopolis in the Disney comedy film The Princess Diaries -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , for which she won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy . Hathaway went on to become a widely praised `` role model for children '' for her roles in Nicholas Nickleby -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , Ella Enchanted -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , The Princess Diaries 2 : Royal Engagement -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and Hoodwinked ! -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .   Hathaway began to transition to more adult roles in 2005 , winning a DVD Exclusive Award for Best Actress for Havoc -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , receiving a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for her role in the critically acclaimed Brokeback Mountain -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , garnering further recognition for appearing alongside Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and earning a BIFA nomination for Best Performance by an Actress for her portrayal of Jane Austen in Becoming Jane -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Hathaway received praise for her performance as a recovering drug addict in Rachel Getting Married -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , for which she won the Critics ' Choice Movie Award for Best Actress and was nominated for the Academy , Golden Globe , Screen Actors Guild , and Indie Spirit Awards for Best Actress / Female Lead . She went on to win her second Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress -- Comedy for starring in Bride Wars -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and in 2010 , appeared in the box office hits Valentine 's Day , Alice in Wonderland and Love & Other Drugs , which earned her the Satellite Award for Best Actress and a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical .   In 2011 , Hathaway voiced Jewel in the animated film Rio and hosted the 83rd Academy Awards with James Franco , which was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Class Program . In 2012 , she portrayed Catwoman in Christopher Nolan 's The Dark Knight Rises , for which she won the Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress . The same year , she starred as Fantine in Tom Hooper 's Les Mis\u00e9rables , which earned her widespread acclaim and she won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and SAG Awards for Best Supporting Actress . Hathaway has since gone on to appear in Rio 2 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Interstellar -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , The Intern -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , and reprised her role as the White Queen in Alice Through the Looking Glass -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   People magazine named Hathaway one of its breakthrough stars of 2001 , and she appeared on its list of the world 's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2006 . Following a four-year relationship with real estate developer Raffaello Follieri , Hathaway married Adam Shulman in 2012 , with whom she has one son , born in March 2016 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Margot Kidder appeared on the children's television series R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour.", "evidence": "Margaret Ruth `` Margot '' Kidder -LRB- born October 17 , 1948 -RRB- is a Canadian American actress and activist . She rose to fame in 1978 for her role as Lois Lane in the Superman film series , opposite Christopher Reeve . Kidder began her career in the 1960s appearing in low-budget Canadian films and television series , before landing a lead role in Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx -LRB- 1970 -RRB- .   She then appeared playing Siamese twins in Brian De Palma 's cult thriller Sisters -LRB- 1973 -RRB- ; in the slasher film Black Christmas -LRB- 1974 -RRB- ; and the drama The Great Waldo Pepper -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , opposite Robert Redford . Her performance as Kathy Lutz in the blockbuster horror film The Amityville Horror -LRB- 1979 -RRB- gained her further mainstream exposure .   After a highly publicized manic episode and nervous breakdown in 1996 , Kidder 's career began to slow . By the 2000s , however , she had maintained steady work in independent films as well as television , with guest-starring roles on Smallville , Brothers & Sisters , and The L Word . In 2015 , she won an Emmy Award for her performance on the children 's television series R.L. Stine 's The Haunting Hour . She has also acted in theatrical productions , most notably appearing on Broadway in a 2002 production of The Vagina Monologues .   In 2005 , Kidder became a naturalized U.S. citizen . She is an outspoken political , environmental , and anti-war activist . She has also advocated the use of orthomolecular medicine , which she credits as having helped treat her bipolar disorder .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Elephants have been featured in places.", "evidence": "Elephants are large mammals of the family Elephantidae and the order Proboscidea . Three species are recognised , the African bush elephant -LRB- Loxodonta africana -RRB- , the African forest elephant -LRB- L. cyclotis -RRB- , and the Asian elephant -LRB- Elephas maximus -RRB- . Elephants are scattered throughout sub-Saharan Africa , South Asia , and Southeast Asia . Elephantidae is the only surviving family of the order Proboscidea ; other , now extinct , members of the order include deinotheres , gomphotheres , mammoths , and mastodons . Male African elephants are the largest extant terrestrial animals and can reach a height of 4 m and weigh 7000 kg . All elephants have several distinctive features , the most notable of which is a long trunk or proboscis , used for many purposes , particularly breathing , lifting water , and grasping objects . Their incisors grow into tusks , which can serve as weapons and as tools for moving objects and digging . Elephants ' large ear flaps help to control their body temperature . Their pillar-like legs can carry their great weight . African elephants have larger ears and concave backs while Asian elephants have smaller ears and convex or level backs .   Elephants are herbivorous and can be found in different habitats including savannahs , forests , deserts , and marshes . They prefer to stay near water . They are considered to be keystone species due to their impact on their environments . Other animals tend to keep their distance from elephants while predators , such as lions , tigers , hyenas , and any wild dogs , usually target only young elephants -LRB- or `` calves '' -RRB- . Females -LRB- `` cows '' -RRB- tend to live in family groups , which can consist of one female with her calves or several related females with offspring . The groups are led by an individual known as the matriarch , often the oldest cow . Elephants have a fission -- fusion society in which multiple family groups come together to socialise . Males -LRB- `` bulls '' -RRB- leave their family groups when they reach puberty and may live alone or with other males . Adult bulls mostly interact with family groups when looking for a mate and enter a state of increased testosterone and aggression known as musth , which helps them gain dominance and reproductive success . Calves are the centre of attention in their family groups and rely on their mothers for as long as three years . Elephants can live up to 70 years in the wild . They communicate by touch , sight , smell , and sound ; elephants use infrasound , and seismic communication over long distances . Elephant intelligence has been compared with that of primates and cetaceans . They appear to have self-awareness and show empathy for dying or dead individuals of their kind .   African elephants are listed as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature -LRB- IUCN -RRB- while the Asian elephant is classed as endangered . One of the biggest threats to elephant populations is the ivory trade , as the animals are poached for their ivory tusks . Other threats to wild elephants include habitat destruction and conflicts with local people . Elephants are used as working animals in Asia . In the past , they were used in war ; today , they are often controversially put on display in zoos , or exploited for entertainment in circuses . Elephants are highly recognisable and have been featured in art , folklore , religion , literature , and popular culture .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Three Men and a Baby is a baby food store.", "evidence": "Three Men and a Baby is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Leonard Nimoy , and stars Tom Selleck , Steve Guttenberg , Ted Danson and Nancy Travis . It follows the mishaps and adventures of three bachelors as they attempt to adapt their lives to pseudo-fatherhood with the arrival of the love child of one of them . The script was based on the 1985 French film Trois hommes et un couffin -LRB- Three Men and a Cradle -RRB- .   The film was the biggest American box office hit of that year , surpassing Fatal Attraction and eventually grossing US$ 170 million in the US alone . The film won the 1988 People 's Choice Award for Favorite Comedy Motion Picture .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Tyra Banks was the first African American woman in the centerfold of GQ.", "evidence": "Tyra Lynne Banks -LRB- born December 4 , 1973 -RRB- is an American television personality , producer , businesswoman , actress , author , former model and occasional singer . Born in Inglewood , California , she began her career as a model at age 15 , and was the first African American woman to be featured on the covers of GQ and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , on which she appeared twice . She was a Victoria 's Secret Angel from 1997 to 2005 . By the early 2000s , Banks was one of the world 's top-earning models .   Banks began acting on television in 1993 on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , and made her film debut in Higher Learning in 1995 . She had major roles such as Eve in Disney Channel 's Life-Size and Zoe in the box office hit Coyote Ugly . She had small roles in the romantic film Love & Basketball and horror film Halloween : Resurrection , and appeared in television series Gossip Girl and Glee .   In 2003 , Banks created and began presenting the long-running reality television series America 's Next Top Model , which she executive produced and presented for the first twenty-two seasons until the series ' cancellation in October 2015 . She remained executive producer for the revival of the series , and enlisted Rita Ora as host for the twenty-third cycle before reassuming the duties herself for the upcoming twenty-fourth cycle . Banks was the co-creator of True Beauty , and had her own talk show , The Tyra Banks Show , which aired on The CW for five seasons and won two Daytime Emmy awards for Outstanding Talk Show Informative . She co-hosted the talk show FABLife for two months . In 2017 , Banks will replace Nick Cannon as host of America 's Got Talent for its 12th season .   In 2010 , she published a young adult novel titled Modelland , based on her life as a model which topped The New York Times Best Seller list in 2011 . Banks is one of four African Americans and seven women to have repeatedly ranked among the world 's most influential people by TIME magazine .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lydia Hearst is a lifestyle blogger and model.", "evidence": "Lydia Marie Hearst-Shaw Hardwick -LRB- born September 19 , 1984 -RRB- , commonly known as Lydia Hearst , is an American fashion model , actress , lifestyle blogger , and heiress to the publishing fortune established by her maternal great-grandfather , William Randolph Hearst .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "KJ Apa was cast as a character in Riverdale in 2016.", "evidence": "Keneti James Fitzgerald `` KJ '' Apa -LRB- born 16 June 1997 -RRB- is a New Zealand actor . He is known for playing Kane Jenkins in the New Zealand prime-time soap opera Shortland Street . In 2016 , he was cast as Archie Andrews in Riverdale after a four-month worldwide talent search . In 2015 , he was cast as young Ethan in A Dog 's Purpose , released in 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Canada is an island.", "evidence": "Canada -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8k\u00e6n\u0259d\u0259 -RSB- -LSB- kanad\u0251 -RSB- -RRB- is a country in the northern part of North America . Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean , covering 9.98 e6km2 , making it the world 's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area . Canada 's border with the United States is the world 's longest binational land border . The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate , but southerly areas are warm in summer . Canada is sparsely populated , the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains . It is highly urbanized with 82 per cent of the 35.15 million people concentrated in large and medium-sized cities , many near the southern border . One third of the population lives in the three largest cities : Toronto , Montreal and Vancouver . Its capital is Ottawa , and other major urban areas include Calgary , Edmonton , Quebec City , Winnipeg and Hamilton .   Various aboriginal peoples had inhabited what is now Canada for thousands of years prior to European colonization . Beginning in the 16th century , British and French claims were made on the area , with the colony of Canada first being established by the French in 1535 during Jacques Cartier 's second voyage to New France . As a consequence of various conflicts , Great Britain gained and lost territories within British North America until it was left , in the late 18th century , with what mostly geographically comprises Canada today . Pursuant to the British North America Act , on July 1 , 1867 , the colonies of Canada , New Brunswick , and Nova Scotia joined to form the semi-autonomous federal Dominion of Canada . This began an accretion of provinces and territories to the mostly self-governing Dominion to the present ten provinces and three territories forming modern Canada .   In 1931 , Canada achieved near total independence from the United Kingdom with the Statute of Westminster 1931 , but at the time , Canada decided to allow the British Parliament to temporarily retain the power to amend Canada 's constitution , on request from the Parliament of Canada . With the Constitution Act 1982 , Canada took over that authority -LRB- as the conclusion of Patriation -RRB- , removing the last remaining ties of legal dependence on the Parliament of the United Kingdom , giving the country full sovereignty .   Canada is a federal parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy , with Queen Elizabeth II being the head of state . The country is officially bilingual at the federal level . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , the product of large-scale immigration from many other countries . Its advanced economy is the eleventh largest in the world , relying chiefly upon its abundant natural resources and well-developed international trade networks . Canada 's long and complex relationship with the United States has had a significant impact on its economy and culture .   Canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the ninth highest ranking in the Human Development Index . It ranks among the highest in international measurements of government transparency , civil liberties , quality of life , economic freedom , and education . Canada is a Commonwealth realm member of the Commonwealth of Nations , a member of the Francophonie , and part of several major international and intergovernmental institutions or groupings including the United Nations , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , the G8 , the Group of Ten , the G20 , the North American Free Trade Agreement and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Napoleon's campaigns are studied at schools.", "evidence": "Napoleon Bonaparte -LRB- -LSB- n\u0259\u02c8po\u028ali\u0259n_\u02c8bo\u028an\u0259p\u0251rt -RSB- -LSB- nap\u0254le\u0254\u0303 b\u0254napa\u0281t -RSB- ; 15 August 1769 -- 5 May 1821 -RRB- was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars . As Napoleon I , he was Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814 , and again in 1815 . Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars . He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles , building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815 . One of the greatest commanders in history , his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide . Napoleon 's political and cultural legacy has endured as one of the most celebrated and controversial leaders in human history .   He was born Napoleone di Buonaparte -LRB- -LSB- napoleo\u014be dj bu\u0254\u014baparte -RSB- -RRB- in Corsica , Republic of Genoa , to a relatively modest family from the minor nobility . When the Revolution broke out in 1789 , Napoleon was serving as an artillery officer in the French army . Seizing the new opportunities presented by the Revolution , he rapidly rose through the ranks of the military , becoming a general at age 24 . The Directory eventually gave him command of the Army of Italy after he suppressed a revolt against the government from royalist insurgents . At age 26 , he began his first military campaign against the Austrians and their Italian allies -- winning virtually every battle , conquering the Italian Peninsula in a year , and becoming a national hero . In 1798 , he led a military expedition to Egypt that served as a springboard to political power . He engineered a coup in November 1799 and became First Consul of the Republic . His ambition and public approval inspired him to go further , and in 1804 he became the first Emperor of the French '' . Intractable differences with the British meant that the French were facing a Third Coalition by 1805 . Napoleon shattered this coalition with decisive victories in the Ulm Campaign and a historic triumph over Russia and Austria at the Battle of Austerlitz , which led to the elimination of the thousand year-old Holy Roman Empire . In 1806 , the Fourth Coalition took up arms against him because Prussia became worried about growing French influence on the continent . Napoleon quickly defeated Prussia at the battles of Jena and Auerstedt , then marched the Grand Army deep into Eastern Europe and annihilated the Russians in June 1807 at the Battle of Friedland . France then forced the defeated nations of the Fourth Coalition to sign the Treaties of Tilsit in July 1807 , bringing an uneasy peace to the continent . Tilsit signified the high watermark of the French Empire . In 1809 , the Austrians and the British challenged the French again during the War of the Fifth Coalition , but Napoleon solidified his grip over Europe after triumphing at the Battle of Wagram in July .   Hoping to extend the Continental System and choke off British trade with the European mainland , Napoleon invaded Iberia and declared his brother Joseph the King of Spain in 1808 . The Spanish and the Portuguese revolted with British support . The Peninsular War lasted six years , featured extensive guerrilla warfare , and ended in victory for the Allies . The Continental System caused recurring diplomatic conflicts between France and its client states , especially Russia . Unwilling to bear the economic consequences of reduced trade , the Russians routinely violated the Continental System and enticed Napoleon into another war . The French launched a major invasion of Russia in the summer of 1812 . The resulting campaign witnessed the collapse of the Grand Army , the destruction of Russian cities , and inspired a renewed push against Napoleon by his enemies . In 1813 , Prussia and Austria joined Russian forces in a Sixth Coalition against France . A lengthy military campaign culminated in a large Allied army defeating Napoleon at the Battle of Leipzig in October 1813 . The Allies then invaded France and captured Paris in the spring of 1814 , forcing Napoleon to abdicate in April . He was exiled to the island of Elba near Rome and the Bourbons were restored to power . However , Napoleon escaped from Elba in February 1815 and took control of France once again . The Allies responded by forming a Seventh Coalition , which defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo in June . The British exiled him to the remote island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic , where he died six years later at the age of 51 .   Napoleon had an extensive and powerful influence on the modern world , bringing liberal reforms to the numerous territories that he conquered and controlled , such as the Low Countries , Switzerland , and large parts of modern Italy and Germany . He implemented fundamental liberal policies in France and throughout Western Europe . His legal achievement , the Napoleonic Code , has influenced the legal systems of more than 70 nations around the world . British historian Andrew Roberts stated , `` The ideas that underpin our modern world -- meritocracy , equality before the law , property rights , religious toleration , modern secular education , sound finances , and so on -- were championed , consolidated , codified and geographically extended by Napoleon . To them he added a rational and efficient local administration , an end to rural banditry , the encouragement of science and the arts , the abolition of feudalism and the greatest codification of laws since the fall of the Roman Empire '' .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "A loss of supply only has nothing to do with prime ministers.", "evidence": "Loss of supply occurs where a government in a parliamentary democracy using the Westminster System or a system derived from it is denied a supply of treasury or exchequer funds , by whichever house or houses of parliament or head of state is constitutionally entitled to grant and deny supply . A defeat on a budgetary vote is one such way by which supply can be denied . Loss of supply is typically interpreted as indicating a loss of confidence in the government . Not all `` money bills '' are necessarily supply bills . For instance , in Australia , supply bills are defined as `` bills which are required by the Government to carry on its day-to-day business '' .   When a loss of supply occurs , a prime minister is generally required either by constitutional convention or by explicit constitutional instruction to either resign immediately or seek a parliamentary dissolution .   Some constitutions , however , do not allow the option of parliamentary dissolution but rather require the government to be dissolved or to resign .   A similar deadlock can occur within a presidential system , where it is also known as a budget crisis . In contrast to parliamentary systems , the failure of the legislature to authorize spending may not in all circumstances result in an election , because some such legislatures enjoy fixed terms and so can not be dissolved before a date of termination , which can result in a prolonged crisis .   A deadlock between a head of state and the legislative body can give rise and cause for a head of state to prematurely dismiss the elected government , requiring it to seek re-election . If a government maintains the support of a majority of legislators or the elected parliamentary representatives , the blocking of supply by a head of state would be seen as an abuse of authority and power . Many western countries have removed or restricted the right of a head of state to block supply or veto a government budget unless there is overwhelming justification and cause for such action .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ringo Starr has been featured in textbooks.", "evidence": "Richard Starkey , -LRB- born 7 July 1940 -RRB- , known professionally as Ringo Starr , is an English drummer , singer , songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles . He occasionally sang lead vocals , usually for one song on an album , including `` With a Little Help from My Friends '' , `` Yellow Submarine '' and their cover of `` Act Naturally '' . He also wrote the Beatles ' songs `` Do n't Pass Me By '' and `` Octopus 's Garden '' , and is credited as a co-writer of others , including `` What Goes On '' and `` Flying '' .   Starr was twice afflicted by life-threatening illnesses during childhood , and as a result of prolonged hospitalisations fell behind in school . In 1955 , he entered the workforce and briefly held a position with British Rail before securing an apprenticeship at a Liverpool equipment manufacturer . Soon afterwards , he became interested in the UK skiffle craze , developing a fervent admiration for the genre . In 1957 , he cofounded his first band , the Eddie Clayton Skiffle Group , which earned several prestigious local bookings before the fad succumbed to American rock and roll by early 1958 .   When the Beatles formed in 1960 , Starr was a member of another Liverpool group , Rory Storm and the Hurricanes . After achieving moderate success with that band in the UK and Hamburg , he quit the Hurricanes and joined the Beatles in August 1962 , replacing Pete Best . Starr played key roles in the Beatles ' films and appeared in numerous others . After the band 's break-up in 1970 , he released several successful singles including the US number four hit `` It Do n't Come Easy '' , and number ones `` Photograph '' and `` You 're Sixteen '' . In 1972 , he released his most successful UK single , `` Back Off Boogaloo '' , which peaked at number two . He achieved commercial and critical success with his 1973 album Ringo , which was a top ten release in both the UK and the US . He has been featured in a number of documentaries and hosted television shows . He also narrated the first two series of the children 's television programme Thomas & Friends and portrayed `` Mr Conductor '' during the first season of the PBS children 's television series Shining Time Station . Since 1989 , he has toured with twelve variations of Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band .   Starr 's creative contribution to music has received praise from other drummers such as Phil Collins , who described him as `` a great musician '' , and Steve Smith , who commented : `` Before Ringo , drum stars were measured by their soloing ability and virtuosity . Ringo 's popularity brought forth a new paradigm ... we started to see the drummer as an equal participant in the compositional aspect ... His parts are so signature to the songs that you can listen to a Ringo drum part without the rest of the music and still identify the song . '' He was inducted into the Modern Drummer Hall of Fame in 1998 . In 2011 , Rolling Stone readers named Starr the fifth-greatest drummer of all time . Starr , who was previously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a Beatle in 1988 , was inducted for his solo career in 2015 , making him one of 21 performers inducted more than once .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ivan Lendl has finished four years ranked as the world's top tennis player.", "evidence": "Ivan Lendl -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8\u026avan \u02c8l\u025bndl\u0329 -RSB- ; born March 7 , 1960 -RRB- is a former world No. 1 professional tennis player and is currently coaching current world No. 1 Andy Murray , alongside Jamie Delgado . Originally from Czechoslovakia , he became a United States citizen in 1992 . He was one of the game 's most dominant players in the 1980s and remained a top competitor into the early 1990s . He has been described as one of the greatest tennis players of all time . Lendl 's game relied particularly on strength and heavy topspin from the baseline and helped usher in the modern era of `` power tennis '' .   Lendl captured eight Grand Slam singles titles . He competed in 19 Grand Slam singles finals , a record surpassed by Roger Federer in 2009 , Rafael Nadal in 2014 and Novak Djokovic in 2016 . He reached at least one Grand Slam final for 11 consecutive years , a record shared with Pete Sampras , with the male primacy of eight consecutive finals in a Grand Slam tournament -LRB- a record shared with Bill Tilden at the US Open -RRB- . Before the formation of the ATP , Lendl reached a record 12 year-end championships -LRB- equalled by John McEnroe -RRB- . He won two WCT Finals titles and five Masters Grand Prix titles , with the record of nine consecutive finals . He also won a record 22 Grand Prix Super Series titles -LRB- 1980 -- 89 -RRB- , the precursors to the current ATP Masters 1000 .   Lendl first attained the world No. 1 ranking on February 28 , 1983 and bolstered his claim to the top spot when he defeated John McEnroe in the 1984 French Open final . For much of the next five years , until August 1990 , Lendl was the top-ranked player -LRB- with a break from September 1988 to January 1989 when Mats Wilander was at the top -RRB- . He finished four years ranked as the world 's top player -LRB- 1985 -- 1987 and 1989 -RRB- and was ranked No. 1 for a total of 270 weeks and set a new record previously held by Jimmy Connors , since broken by Pete Sampras and Roger Federer . He is one of three male players in the Open Era -LRB- with Connors and Federer -RRB- to win more than 1,000 tennis singles matches -LRB- 1,071 -RRB- . Lendl has won 94 singles titles , second only in the Open Era to Connors ' 109 titles . Lendl has been runner-up in a record 11 Grand Slam finals .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Indonesia's wilderness supports a variety of life.", "evidence": "Indonesia -LRB- -LSB- \u026and\u0259\u02c8ni\u02d0\u0292\u0259 -RSB- or -LSB- \u02cc\u026ando\u028a\u02c8ni\u02d0zi\u0259 -RSB- ; Indonesian : -LSB- \u026andonesia -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Republic of Indonesia -LRB- -LSB- r\u025bpublik \u026andonesia -RSB- -RRB- , is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania . Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans , it is the world 's largest island country , with more than seventeen thousand islands . At 1,904,569 km2 , Indonesia is the world 's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world 's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area . It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world 's fourth most populous country , the most populous Austronesian nation , as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country . The world 's most populous island , Java , contains more than half of the country 's population .   Indonesia 's republican form of government includes an elected legislature and president . Indonesia has 34 provinces , of which five have Special Administrative status . Its capital and country 's most populous city is Jakarta , which is also the most populous city in Southeast Asia and the second in Asia . The country shares land borders with Papua New Guinea , East Timor , and the eastern part of Malaysia . Other neighbouring countries include Singapore , Vietnam , the Philippines , Australia , Palau , and the Indian territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands . Despite its large population and densely populated regions , Indonesia has vast areas of wilderness that support the world 's second highest level of biodiversity . The country has abundant natural resources like oil and natural gas , tin , copper and gold . Agriculture mainly produces rice , palm oil , tea , coffee , cacao , medicinal plants , spices and rubber . Indonesia 's major trading partners are Japan , United States , China and the surrounding countries of Singapore , Malaysia and Australia .   The Indonesian archipelago has been an important region for trade since at least the 7th century , when Srivijaya and then later Majapahit traded with China and India . Local rulers gradually absorbed foreign cultural , religious and political models from the early centuries CE , and Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms flourished . Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources . Muslim traders and Sufi scholars brought the now-dominant Islam , while European powers brought Christianity and fought one another to monopolise trade in the Spice Islands of Maluku during the Age of Discovery . Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism starting from Amboina and Batavia , and eventually all of the archipelago including Timor and Western New Guinea , at times interrupted by Portuguese , French and British rule , Indonesia secured its independence after World War II .   Indonesia consists of hundreds of distinct native ethnic and linguistic groups , with the largest -- and politically dominant -- ethnic group being the Javanese . The population is unevenly spread throughout the islands within a variety of habitats and levels of development , ranging from the megalopolis of Jakarta to uncontacted tribes in the east . A shared identity has developed , defined by a national language , ethnic diversity , religious pluralism within a Muslim-majority population , and a history of colonialism and rebellion against it . Indonesia 's national motto , `` Bhinneka Tunggal Ika '' -LRB- `` Unity in Diversity '' literally , `` many , yet one '' -RRB- , articulates the diversity that shapes the country . Indonesia 's economy is the world 's 16th largest by nominal GDP and the 8th largest by GDP at PPP , the largest in Southeast Asia , and is considered an emerging market and newly industrialised country . Indonesia has been a member of the United Nations since 1950 . Indonesia was an organizer of the Bandung Conference and was the founder of Non-Aligned Movement ; and also the founding member of Association of Southeast Asian Nations , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , East Asia Summit , and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation . Indonesia is a member of the G20 major economies and World Trade Organization .  Biodiversity a portmanteau of `` biological diversity , '' generally refers to the variety and variability of life on Earth . According to the United Nations Environment Programme , biodiversity typically measures variation at the genetic , the species , and the ecosystem level . Terrestrial biodiversity tends to be greater near the equator , which seems to be the result of the warm climate and high primary productivity . Biodiversity is not distributed evenly on Earth , and is richest in the tropics . These tropical forest ecosystems cover less than 10 per cent of earth 's surface , and contain about 90 percent of the world 's species . Marine biodiversity tends to be highest along coasts in the Western Pacific , where sea surface temperature is highest and in the mid-latitudinal band in all oceans . There are latitudinal gradients in species diversity . Biodiversity generally tends to cluster in hotspots , and has been increasing through time , but will be likely to slow in the future .   Rapid environmental changes typically cause mass extinctions . More than 99.9 percent of all species , amounting to over five billion species , that ever lived on Earth are estimated to be extinct . Estimates on the number of Earth 's current species range from 10 million to 14 million , of which about 1.2 million have been documented and over 86 percent have not yet been described . More recently , in May 2016 , scientists reported that 1 trillion species are estimated to be on Earth currently with only one-thousandth of one percent described . The total amount of related DNA base pairs on Earth is estimated at 5.0 x 1037 and weighs 50 billion tonnes . In comparison , the total mass of the biosphere has been estimated to be as much as 4 TtC -LRB- trillion tons of carbon -RRB- . In July 2016 , scientists reported identifying a set of 355 genes from the Last Universal Common Ancestor -LRB- LUCA -RRB- of all organisms living on Earth .   The age of the Earth is about 4.54 billion years old . The earliest undisputed evidence of life on Earth dates at least from 3.5 billion years ago , during the Eoarchean Era after a geological crust started to solidify following the earlier molten Hadean Eon . There are microbial mat fossils found in 3.48 billion-year-old sandstone discovered in Western Australia . Other early physical evidence of a biogenic substance is graphite in 3.7 billion-year-old meta-sedimentary rocks discovered in Western Greenland . More recently , in 2015 , `` remains of biotic life '' were found in 4.1 billion-year-old rocks in Western Australia . According to one of the researchers , `` If life arose relatively quickly on Earth . . then it could be common in the universe . ''   Since life began on Earth , five major mass extinctions and several minor events have led to large and sudden drops in biodiversity . The Phanerozoic eon -LRB- the last 540 million years -RRB- marked a rapid growth in biodiversity via the Cambrian explosion -- a period during which the majority of multicellular phyla first appeared . The next 400 million years included repeated , massive biodiversity losses classified as mass extinction events . In the Carboniferous , rainforest collapse led to a great loss of plant and animal life . The Permian -- Triassic extinction event , 251 million years ago , was the worst ; vertebrate recovery took 30 million years . The most recent , the Cretaceous -- Paleogene extinction event , occurred 65 million years ago and has often attracted more attention than others because it resulted in the extinction of the dinosaurs .   The period since the emergence of humans has displayed an ongoing biodiversity reduction and an accompanying loss of genetic diversity . Named the Holocene extinction , the reduction is caused primarily by human impacts , particularly habitat destruction . Conversely , biodiversity impacts human health in a number of ways , both positively and negatively .   The United Nations designated 2011 -- 2020 as the United Nations Decade on Biodiversity .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Joan Collins was in Sunburn.", "evidence": "Sunburn is a 1979 British-American comedy film directed by Richard C. Sarafian and written by James Booth , John Daly and Stephen Oliver . It is based on the novel The Bind by Stanley Ellin . The film stars Farrah Fawcett , Charles Grodin , Art Carney , Joan Collins , William Daniels and John Hillerman . The film was released on August 10 , 1979 , by Paramount Pictures .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Belko Experiment is an American horror film.", "evidence": "The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror film directed by Greg McLean and written by James Gunn . The film stars John Gallagher Jr. , Tony Goldwyn , Adria Arjona and Melonie Diaz . Filming began on June 1 , 2015 , in Bogot\u00e1 , Colombia . The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on September 10 , 2016 and was released in the United States on March 17 , 2017 , by BH Tilt and Orion Pictures . The film received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed $ 10 million worldwide , against its $ 5 million budget .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The 84th Academy Awards' winners included Beginners.", "evidence": "The 84th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences -LRB- AMPAS -RRB- , honored the best films of 2011 in the United States and took place on February 26 , 2012 , at the Hollywood and Highland Center Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST. . During the ceremony , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences presented Academy Awards -LRB- commonly referred to as Oscars -RRB- in 24 categories . The ceremony was televised in the United States by ABC , and produced by Brian Grazer and Don Mischer , with Mischer also serving as director . Actor Billy Crystal hosted the show for the ninth time . He first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 76th ceremony held in 2004 .   On June 14 , 2011 , Academy president Tom Sherak announced at a press conference that , in an attempt to further revitalize interest surrounding the awards , the 2012 ceremony would feature between five and ten Best Picture nominees depending on voting results , as opposed to a set number of nominees . In related events , the Academy held its third annual Governors Awards ceremony at the Grand Ballroom of the Hollywood and Highland Center on November 12 , 2011 . On February 11 , 2012 , in a ceremony at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Milla Jovovich .   The Artist won five awards , including Best Actor for Jean Dujardin , Best Director for Michel Hazanavicius , and Best Picture , the first silent feature to win an Academy Award for Best Picture since 1927 's Wings , the inaugural winner in 1929 . Other winners included Hugo also with five awards , The Iron Lady with two awards , and Beginners , The Descendants , The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , The Help , Midnight in Paris , The Muppets , Rango , Saving Face , A Separation , The Shore , and Undefeated with one . The telecast garnered more than 39 million viewers in the United States .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Michael Keaton was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.", "evidence": "Michael John Douglas -LRB- born September 5 , 1951 -RRB- , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director . He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Mr. Mom -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Johnny Dangerously -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Beetlejuice -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and Batman Returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .   Since then , he has appeared in a variety of films ranging from dramas and romantic comedies to thriller and action films ; such as Clean and Sober -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , The Dream Team -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Pacific Heights -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Much Ado About Nothing -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , My Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , The Paper -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Multiplicity -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Herbie : Fully Loaded -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , The Other Guys -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Need for Speed -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , RoboCop -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Spotlight -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Founder -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and he has also provided voices for characters in animated films such as Cars -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and Minions -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . In 2017 , Keaton will play the role of Marvel Comics supervillain the Vulture in Spider-Man : Homecoming .   Keaton 's lead performance in Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- -LRB- 2014 -RRB- earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , the Critics ' Choice Award for Best Actor and Best Actor in a Comedy , and nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award , British Academy Film Award , and Academy Award for Best Actor . He previously received a Golden Globe Award nomination for his performance in Live from Baghdad -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for The Company -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Keaton was awarded a Career Achievement Award from both the Hollywood Film Festival and Zurich Film Festivals .   On January 18 , 2016 , he was named Officer of Order of Arts and Letters in France . He is also a visiting scholar at Carnegie Mellon University . </span>  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Newcastle United F.C. is well-known around the world.", "evidence": "Newcastle United Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne , that will play in the Premier League , the top tier of English football , after winning the Championship title in 2017 . Newcastle United was founded in 1892 by the merger of Newcastle East End and Newcastle West End , and has played at its current home ground , St James ' Park , ever since . The ground was developed into an all-seater stadium in the mid-1990s and now has a capacity of 52,354 . The club has been a member of the Premier League for all but three years of the competition 's history , spending 85 seasons in the top tier as of May 2016 , and has never dropped below English football 's second tier since joining the Football League in 1893 .   They have won four League Championship titles , six FA Cups and a Charity Shield , as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup . Newcastle United has the ninth highest total of trophies won by an English club . The club 's most successful period was between 1904 and 1910 , when they won an FA Cup and three of their First Division titles . The club were highly successful in the Premier League in the 1990s and early 2000s without winning any trophies , but have been mostly struggling since the 2006 -- 07 season , and were relegated in 2009 and 2016 .   Newcastle has a fierce local rivalry with Sunderland , and the two clubs have engaged in the Tyne -- Wear derby since 1898 . The club 's traditional kit colours are black and white striped shirts , black shorts and black socks . Their traditional crest takes elements of the city coat of arms , which features two grey seahorses .   The club has been owned by Mike Ashley since 2007 , succeeding long term chairman and owner Sir John Hall . The club is the seventeenth highest revenue producing club in the world in terms of annual revenue , generating $ 169.3 m in 2015 . Historically , Newcastle 's highest placing was in 1999 when they were the fifth highest revenue producing football club in the world , and second in England only behind Manchester United .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Randy Orton has been unable to move his entire life.", "evidence": "Randal Keith Orton -LRB- born April 1 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor . He is currently signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand .   Orton is a 13-time world champion . Orton has held the WWE Championship nine times -LRB- eighth reign was as WWE World Heavyweight Champion -RRB- and WWE 's World Heavyweight Championship four times , and was the final holder of the World Heavyweight Championship , which he unified with the WWE Championship to become the WWE World Heavyweight Champion . Orton is a third-generation professional wrestler ; his grandfather Bob Orton , Sr. , his father `` Cowboy '' Bob Orton , and his uncle Barry Orton all competed in the professional wrestling business . Before being promoted to the main World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF , now WWE -RRB- roster , Orton trained in and wrestled for Mid-Missouri Wrestling Association-Southern Illinois Conference Wrestling for a month . He was then sent to Ohio Valley Wrestling -LRB- OVW -RRB- , where he held the OVW Hardcore Championship twice .   Orton became a member of the stable Evolution shortly after his WWE debut , which quickly led to an Intercontinental Championship reign , his first title with the company . He also acquired the moniker `` The Legend Killer '' during a storyline where he began disrespecting and then physically attacking WWE Hall of Famers and wrestling veterans . At age 24 , he became the youngest world champion in WWE history after he won the World Heavyweight Championship . With this win , he departed from Evolution and a feud with his former stablemates began . In 2006 , Orton joined forces with Edge in a tag team known as Rated-RKO . Together , they held the World Tag Team Championship . After Rated-RKO disbanded in mid-2007 , Orton gained two WWE Championship reigns in one night , when at 27 he became the youngest two-time WWE Champion . He formed the group The Legacy with Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase in 2008 . It disbanded in 2010 and Orton returned to singles competition . From 2013 to 2015 , Orton was aligned with The Authority , who named him the `` face of the WWE '' . In late 2016 he joined The Wyatt Family , winning the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship with stablemates Bray Wyatt and Luke Harper before turning on Wyatt in February 2017 .   Overall , Orton has won 16 total championships in WWE . He is the winner of the 2013 Money in the Bank ladder match , both the 2009 and 2017 Royal Rumble matches , and has headlined multiple pay-per-view events for WWE , including WrestleMania XXV and WrestleMania XXX .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Adderall contains a levoamphetamine component along with a dextroamphetamine component.", "evidence": "Adderall is a combination drug containing salts of the two enantiomers of amphetamine , a central nervous system -LRB- CNS -RRB- stimulant of the phenethylamine class . Adderall is used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- and narcolepsy . It is also used as an athletic performance enhancer and cognitive enhancer , and recreationally as an aphrodisiac and euphoriant . By salt content , the active ingredients of Adderall are 25 % levoamphetamine salts -LRB- the levorotary or ` left-handed ' enantiomer -RRB- and 75 % dextroamphetamine salts -LRB- the dextrorotary or ` right-handed ' enantiomer -RRB- .   Adderall is generally well-tolerated and effective in treating the symptoms of ADHD and narcolepsy . At therapeutic doses , Adderall causes emotional and cognitive effects such as euphoria , change in desire for sex , increased wakefulness , and improved cognitive control . At these doses , it induces physical effects such as decreased reaction time , fatigue resistance , and increased muscle strength . In contrast , much larger doses of Adderall can impair cognitive control , cause rapid muscle breakdown , or induce a psychosis -LRB- e.g. , delusions and paranoia -RRB- . The side effects of Adderall vary widely among individuals , but most commonly include insomnia , dry mouth , and loss of appetite . The risk of developing an addiction is insignificant when Adderall is used as prescribed at fairly low daily doses , such as those used for treating ADHD ; however , the routine use of Adderall in larger daily doses poses a significant risk of addiction due to the pronounced reinforcing effects that are present at higher doses . Recreational doses of Adderall are generally much larger than prescribed therapeutic doses , and carry a far greater risk of serious adverse effects .   The two amphetamine enantiomers that compose Adderall -LRB- i.e. , levoamphetamine and dextroamphetamine -RRB- alleviate the symptoms of ADHD and narcolepsy by increasing the activity of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine and dopamine in the brain , which results from their interactions with trace amine associated receptor 1 -LRB- TAAR1 -RRB- and vesicular monoamine transporter 2 -LRB- VMAT2 -RRB- in neurons . Dextroamphetamine is a more potent stimulant than levoamphetamine , but levoamphetamine has slightly stronger cardiovascular and peripheral effects and a longer elimination half-life -LRB- i.e. , it remains in the body longer -RRB- than dextroamphetamine . The levoamphetamine component of Adderall has been reported to improve the treatment response in some individuals relative to dextroamphetamine alone . Adderall 's active ingredient , amphetamine , shares many chemical and pharmacological properties with the human trace amines , particularly phenethylamine and , the latter of which is a positional isomer of amphetamine .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Novak Djokovic was born in 1987.", "evidence": "Novak Djokovic -LRB- \u041d\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043a \u0402\u043e\u043a\u043e\u0432\u0438\u045b , Novak \u0110okovi\u0107 , -LSB- n\u00f4\u028ba\u02d0k d\u0361\u0291\u00f4\u02d0ko\u028bit\u0361\u0255 -RSB- ; born 22 May 1987 -RRB- , often referred to by the hypocorism Nole , is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 2 in men 's singles tennis by the Association of Tennis Professionals -LRB- ATP -RRB- . He is considered one of the greatest tennis players of all time . Djokovic holds the highest match winning rate -LRB- 82.8 % -RRB- in the Open Era , as of May 2017 .   Djokovic has won 12 Grand Slam singles titles , the fourth most in history , and held the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings for a total of 223 weeks . In majors , Djokovic has won six Australian Open titles , three Wimbledon titles , two US Open titles and one French Open title . In 2016 , he became the eighth player in history to achieve the Career Grand Slam ; by winning the 2016 French Open , Djokovic became the third man to hold all four major titles at once , the first since Rod Laver in 1969 , and the first ever to do so on three different surfaces .   Djokovic has won an all-time record of 30 Masters 1000 series titles , tied with Rafael Nadal . Djokovic 's records include breaking the single-season record with six masters titles in 2015 , winning 31 consecutive ATP World Tour Masters 1000 series matches , playing in the finals at all nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments -LRB- shared with Roger Federer and Nadal , and being the only player to win eight of the nine events -LRB- and at least twice -RRB- . Among other titles , he has won the ATP World Tour Finals five times and was on the Serbian team which won the 2010 Davis Cup . He also won the Bronze medal in men 's singles at the 2008 Summer Olympics .   Djokovic is the first Serbian player to be ranked No. 1 by the ATP and the first male player representing Serbia to win a Grand Slam singles title . Djokovic has won numerous awards , including the 2012 , 2015 , and 2016 Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year , 2011 BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year , five-time ITF World Champion , and four-time ATP year-end number 1 . He is a recipient of the Order of St. Sava , the Order of Kara\u0111or\u0111e 's Star and the Order of the Republika Srpska .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The life of the writer of Thirteen is the basis for the story.", "evidence": "Thirteen is a 2003 American semi-autobiographical drama film , directed by Catherine Hardwicke , and written by Hardwicke and Nikki Reed , based on events from Reed 's life at age 12 and 13 . It stars Evan Rachel Wood , with Wood 's character `` Tracy '' being loosely based upon Reed . Nikki Reed herself co-stars in the role of Evie Zamora . The script was written in six days .   The film caused controversy upon its release , because it dealt with topics like drugs such as inhalants , marijuana , and alcohol , underage sexual behavior , and self-harm . The film earned Holly Hunter an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Golden Globe nominations for Hunter and Evan Rachel Wood for Best Supporting Actress and Best Actress in a Drama , respectively .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Gwen Stefani's band released an album in 1995.", "evidence": "Gwen Ren\u00e9e Stefani -LRB- -LSB- gw\u025bn_\u02c8st\u0259\u02c8f\u0251\u02d0ni -RSB- born October 3 , 1969 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , fashion designer , actress , and television personality . She is the co-founder and lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after their breakthrough studio album Tragic Kingdom -LRB- 1995 -RRB- along with various successful singles , including `` Just a Girl '' , `` Do n't Speak '' , `` Hey Baby '' , and `` It 's My Life '' . During the band 's hiatus , Stefani embarked on a solo pop career in 2004 by releasing her debut studio album Love . Angel . Music . Baby . Inspired by pop music from the 1980s , the album was met with both critical and commercial success . It spawned three commercially successful singles : `` What You Waiting For ? '' , `` Rich Girl '' , and `` Hollaback Girl '' , the latter reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 while also becoming the first US download to sell one million copies . In 2006 Stefani released her second studio album The Sweet Escape . The album produced two successful singles : `` Wind It Up '' and the album 's title track `` The Sweet Escape '' . Her third solo album This Is What the Truth Feels Like was released in March 2016 and became her first solo number-one album on the Billboard 200 .   Stefani has won three Grammy Awards . As a solo artist she has received various accolades , including an American Music Award , Brit Award , World Music Award and two Billboard Music Awards . In 2003 , she debuted her clothing line L.A.M.B. and expanded her collection with the 2005 Harajuku Lovers line , drawing inspiration from Japanese culture and fashion . Stefani performs and makes public appearances with four back-up dancers known as the Harajuku Girls . She was married to British musician Gavin Rossdale from 2002 to 2015 and they have three sons . Billboard magazine ranked Stefani the 54th most successful artist and 37th most successful Hot 100 artist of the 2000 -- 09 decade . VH1 ranked her 13th on their `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' list in 2012 . Including her work with No Doubt , Stefani has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Spain is in Europe.", "evidence": "Spain -LRB- Espa\u00f1a -LSB- es\u02c8pa\u0272a -RSB- -RRB- , officially the Kingdom of Spain -LRB- -LSB- Reino de Espa\u00f1a , links = no -RSB- -RRB- , is a sovereign state located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe , with two large archipelagoes , the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast , two cities Ceuta and Melilla in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast . Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar ; to the north and northeast by France , Andorra , and the Bay of Biscay ; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean . It is the only European country to have a border with an African country -LRB- Morocco -RRB- and its African territory accounts for nearly 5 % of its population , mostly in the Canary Islands but also in Ceuta and Melilla .   With an area of 505990 km2 , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second largest country in Western Europe and the European Union , and the fourth largest country in the European continent . By population , Spain is the sixth largest in Europe and the fifth in the European Union . Spain 's capital and largest city is Madrid ; other major urban areas include Barcelona , Valencia , Seville , Bilbao and M\u00e1laga .   Modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 35,000 years ago . Iberian cultures along with ancient Phoenician , Greek and Carthaginian settlements developed on the peninsula until it came under Roman rule around 200 BCE , after which the region was named Hispania , based on the earlier Phoenician name Span or Spania . In the Middle Ages , the area was conquered by Germanic tribes and later by the Moors . Spain emerged as a unified country in the 15th century , following the marriage of the Catholic Monarchs and the completion of the eight centuries-long reconquest , or Reconquista from the Moors in 1492 . In the early modern period , Spain became one of history 's first global colonial empires , leaving a vast cultural and linguistic legacy that includes over 500 million Spanish speakers , making Spanish the world 's second most spoken first language , after Mandarin Chinese .   Spain is a democracy organised in the form of a parliamentary government under a constitutional monarchy . It is a middle power and a major developed country with the world 's fourteenth largest economy by nominal GDP and sixteenth largest by purchasing power parity . It is a member of the United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- , the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , the Eurozone , the Council of Europe -LRB- CoE -RRB- , the Organization of Ibero-American States -LRB- OEI -RRB- , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization -LRB- NATO -RRB- , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- , the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- and many other international organisations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "War of the Worlds is a film that is categorized as science fiction.", "evidence": "War of the Worlds is a 2005 American science fiction disaster film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Josh Friedman and David Koepp , loosely based on the novel of the same title by H. G. Wells . It stars Tom Cruise , Dakota Fanning , Justin Chatwin , Miranda Otto and Tim Robbins , with narration by Morgan Freeman . In the film , an American dock worker is forced to look after his children , from whom he lives separately , as he struggles to protect them and reunite them with their mother when extraterrestrials invade the Earth and devastate cities with towering war machines .   The film was shot in 73 days , using five different sound stages as well as locations in California , Connecticut , New Jersey , New York , and Virginia . The film was surrounded by a secrecy campaign so few details would be leaked before its release . Tie-in promotions were made with several companies , including Hitachi . The film was released in the United States on June 29 and in United Kingdom on July 1 . War of the Worlds was a box office success , and became 2005 's fourth most successful film both domestically , with $ 234 million in North America , and $ 591 million overall . At the time of release , it was the highest-grossing film starring Tom Cruise .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mark Hamill is an American writer.", "evidence": "Mark Richard Hamill -LRB- born September 25 , 1951 -RRB- is an American actor , voice actor , producer and writer . He is best known for playing Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars film series . His other works include Corvette Summer -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and The Big Red One -LRB- 1980 -RRB- , among other television shows and movies . Hamill has also appeared on stage in several theater productions , primarily during the 1980s .   Hamill is a prolific voice actor who has voiced characters in many animated television shows , movies , and video games since the 1970s . He is known for his long-standing role as DC Comics ' the Joker , commencing with Batman : The Animated Series in 1992 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Thor: The Dark World was released in October 2013 in the United States.", "evidence": "Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was directed by Alan Taylor , with a screenplay by Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely . It stars Chris Hemsworth , Natalie Portman , Tom Hiddleston , Anthony Hopkins , Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd , Idris Elba , Christopher Eccleston , Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje , Kat Dennings , Ray Stevenson , Zachary Levi , Tadanobu Asano , Jaimie Alexander , and Rene Russo . In Thor : The Dark World , Thor teams up with Loki to save the Nine Realms from the Dark Elves led by the vengeful Malekith , who intends to plunge the universe into darkness .   Development of Thor : The Dark World began in April 2011 , when producer Kevin Feige announced plans for a sequel to follow the crossover film The Avengers . In July 2011 , Kenneth Branagh , the director of Thor , withdrew from the project . Brian Kirk and Patty Jenkins were considered to direct the film before Taylor was hired in January 2012 . The supporting cast filled out in August 2012 , with the hiring of Eccleston , Dennings , and Akinnuoye-Agbaje . Principal photography began in September 2012 in Surrey , England with filming continuing in Iceland and London , before wrapping up in December 2012 . Thor : The Dark World was converted to 3D in post-production .   Thor : The Dark World premiered at the Odeon Leicester Square in London on October 22 , 2013 . It was released internationally on October 30 , 2013 , and on November 8 , 2013 , in the United States . The film received mixed reviews , but was a commercial success , grossing over $ 644 million worldwide . A third film , Thor : Ragnarok , is set for release on November 3 , 2017 .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Felicity Jones was in a work directed by James Marsh.", "evidence": "Felicity Rose Hadley Jones -LRB- born 17 October 1983 -RRB- is an English actress . She started her professional acting career as a child , appearing at age 12 in The Treasure Seekers -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . Jones went on to play Ethel Hallow for one season in the television show The Worst Witch and its sequel Weirdsister College . She took time off from acting to attend university at Wadham College , Oxford where she performed in Shakespeare 's The Comedy of Errors for the Oxford University Dramatic Society , and has worked steadily since graduating in 2006 . On radio , she has played the role of Emma Grundy in the BBC 's The Archers . In 2008 , she appeared in the Donmar Warehouse production of The Chalk Garden .   Since 2006 , Jones has appeared in numerous films , including Northanger Abbey -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Brideshead Revisited -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Ch\u00e9ri -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , and The Tempest -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Her performance in the 2011 film Like Crazy was met with critical acclaim , garnering her numerous awards , including a special jury prize at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival . In 2014 , her performance as Jane Hawking in The Theory of Everything also met with critical acclaim , garnering her nominations for the Golden Globe , SAG , BAFTA and Academy Award for Best Actress . In 2016 , Jones starred in the adventure-thriller Inferno , the fantasy drama A Monster Calls and the Star Wars anthology film Rogue One . In 2016 , she received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year .  The Theory of Everything is a 2014 British biographical romantic drama film directed by James Marsh and adapted by Anthony McCarten from the memoir Travelling to Infinity : My Life with Stephen by Jane Wilde Hawking , which deals with her relationship with her ex-husband , theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking , his diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis -LRB- ALS , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease or motor neurone disease -RRB- , and his success in physics .   The film stars Eddie Redmayne and Felicity Jones with Charlie Cox , Emily Watson , Simon McBurney , Christian McKay , Harry Lloyd and David Thewlis featured in supporting roles . The film had its world premiere at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival on 7 September 2014 .   The film was acclaimed critically worldwide , with praise for the musical score , cinematography and the performance of Felicity Jones and especially Eddie Redmayne , which earned him nominations for a variety of accolades in award shows and film festivals , including the Academy Award for Best Actor . The film received four Golden Globe Award nominations , winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor -- Motion Picture Drama for Redmayne and Best Original Score for J\u00f3hannsson . It received three Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations , winning one for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role for Redmayne . It received 10 British Academy Film Awards nominations and won Outstanding British Film , Best Leading Actor -LRB- for Redmayne -RRB- and Best Adapted Screenplay -LRB- for McCarten -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "O. J. Simpson died before football was invented.", "evidence": "Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson -LRB- born July 9 , 1947 -RRB- , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .   Simpson attended the University of Southern California -LRB- USC -RRB- , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 . He played professionally in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as a running back for 11 seasons , with the Buffalo Bills from 1969 to 1977 and with the San Francisco 49ers from 1978 to 1979 . In 1973 , he became the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season ; holding the record for the single season yards-per-game average , which stands at 143.1 . He is the only player to ever rush for over 2,000 yards in the 14-game regular season NFL format .   Simpson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983 and the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1985 . After retiring from football , he began new careers in acting and football broadcasting .   In 1995 , Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman after a lengthy and internationally publicised trial . The families of the victims filed a civil suit against him , and in 1997 a civil court awarded a $ 33.5 million judgment against Simpson for the victims ' wrongful deaths .   In 2007 , Simpson was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with felonies including armed robbery and kidnapping . In 2008 , he was convicted and sentenced to 33 years imprisonment , with a minimum of nine years without parole . He is serving his sentence at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock , Nevada .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ryan Phillippe and Reese Witherspoon married each other.", "evidence": "Matthew Ryan Phillippe -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8f\u026al\u1d7bpi -RSB- born September 10 , 1974 -RRB- is an American actor , director , and writer . After appearing as Billy Douglas on the soap opera One Life to Live , he came to fame in the late 1990s with starring roles in a string of films , including I Know What You Did Last Summer , Cruel Intentions , and 54 . In the 2000s , he appeared in several films , including Gosford Park -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Crash -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , and war drama Flags of Our Fathers -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Breach -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , and Stop-Loss -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . In 2010 , Phillippe starred as Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer Greg Marinovich in The Bang-Bang Club . Currently , he stars in the lead role of Bob Lee Swagger in the USA Network thriller drama Shooter .   He was married to actress Reese Witherspoon from 1999 to 2007 ; together , they have a daughter and a son . He also has a daughter from a relationship with actress Alexis Knapp .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Augusto Pinochet died in 2006.", "evidence": "Augusto Jos\u00e9 Ram\u00f3n Pinochet Ugarte -LRB- -LSB- au\u02c8\u0263usto pino\u02c8 -LRB- t -RRB- \u0283e -RSB- or -LSB- - \u02c8 -LRB- t -RRB- \u0283et -RSB- 25 November 1915 -- 10 December 2006 -RRB- was a Chilean general , politician and the military ruler of Chile between 1973 and 1990 ; he remained the Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army until 1998 . He was also president of the Government Junta of Chile between 1973 and 1981 . His rule of Chile was a dictatorship .   Pinochet assumed power in Chile following a United States-backed coup d'\u00e9tat on 11 September 1973 that overthrew the democratically elected socialist Unidad Popular government of President Salvador Allende and ended civilian rule . Several academics have stated that the support of the United States was crucial to the coup and the consolidation of power afterward . Pinochet had been promoted to Commander-in-Chief of the Army by Allende on 23 August 1973 , having been its General Chief of Staff since early 1972 . In December 1974 , the ruling military junta appointed Pinochet Supreme Head of the nation by joint decree , although without the support of one of the coup 's instigators , Air Force General Gustavo Leigh .   From the start of the new military government harsh measures were implemented . During the period of Pinochet 's rule , various investigations have identified the murder of 1,200 to 3,200 people with up to 80,000 people forcibly interned and as many as 30,000 tortured . According to the Chilean government , the official number of deaths and forced disappearances stands at 3,095 .   Under the influence of the free market-oriented neoliberal `` Chicago Boys '' , the military government implemented economic liberalization , including currency stabilization , removed tariff protections for local industry , banned trade unions and privatized social security and hundreds of state-owned enterprises . These policies produced what has been referred to as the `` Miracle of Chile , '' but critics state that economic inequality dramatically increased and attribute the devastating effects of the 1982 monetary crisis on the Chilean economy to these policies . Chile was , for most of the 1990s , the best-performing economy in Latin America , though the legacy of Pinochet 's reforms continues to be in dispute .   Pinochet 's 17-year rule was given a legal framework through a controversial 1980 plebiscite , which approved a new Constitution drafted by a government-appointed commission . In a 1988 plebiscite 56 % voted against Pinochet 's continuing as president , which led to democratic elections for the Presidency and Congress . After stepping down in 1990 , Pinochet continued to serve as Commander-in-Chief of the Chilean Army until 10 March 1998 , when he retired and became a senator-for-life in accordance with his 1980 Constitution . However , Pinochet was arrested under an international arrest warrant on a visit to London on 10 October 1998 in connection with numerous human rights violations . Following a legal battle he was released on grounds of ill-health , and returned to Chile on 3 March 2000 . In 2004 , Chilean Judge Juan Guzm\u00e1n Tapia ruled that Pinochet was medically fit to stand trial and placed him under house arrest . By the time of his death on 10 December 2006 , about 300 criminal charges were still pending against him in Chile for numerous human rights violations during his 17-year rule , and tax evasion and embezzlement during and after his rule ; he was accused of having corruptly amassed at least 28 million USD . Despite the indictment and 300 charges , he only served time in house arrest .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "My Sweet Lord is by The Temptations.", "evidence": "`` My Sweet Lord '' is a song by English musician and former Beatle , George Harrison . It was released in November 1970 on his triple album All Things Must Pass . Also issued as a single , Harrison 's first as a solo artist , `` My Sweet Lord '' topped charts worldwide and was the biggest-selling single of 1971 in the UK . In America and Britain , the song was the first number one single by an ex-Beatle . Harrison originally gave the song to his fellow Apple Records artist Billy Preston to record ; this version , which Harrison co-produced , appeared on Preston 's Encouraging Words album in September 1970 .   Harrison wrote `` My Sweet Lord '' in praise of the Hindu god Krishna , while at the same time intending the lyrics to serve as a call to abandon religious sectarianism through his deliberate blending of the Hebrew word hallelujah with chants of `` Hare Krishna '' and Vedic prayer . The recording features producer Phil Spector 's Wall of Sound treatment and heralded the arrival of Harrison 's much-admired slide guitar technique , which one biographer described as being `` musically as distinctive a signature as the mark of Zorro '' . Preston , Ringo Starr , Eric Clapton , and the group Badfinger are among the other musicians appearing on the recording .   Later in the 1970s , `` My Sweet Lord '' was at the centre of a heavily publicised copyright infringement suit , due to its similarity to the Ronnie Mack song `` He 's So Fine '' , a 1963 hit for the New York girl group the Chiffons . In 1976 , Harrison was found to have subconsciously plagiarised the earlier tune , a verdict that had repercussions throughout the music industry . He claimed to have used the out-of-copyright `` Oh Happy Day '' , a Christian hymn , as his inspiration for the song 's melody .   Harrison performed `` My Sweet Lord '' at the Concert for Bangladesh in August 1971 , and it remains the most popular composition from his post-Beatles career . He reworked the song as `` My Sweet Lord -LRB- 2000 -RRB- '' for inclusion as a bonus track on the 30th anniversary reissue of All Things Must Pass . Many artists have covered the song including Andy Williams , Peggy Lee , Edwin Starr , Johnny Mathis , Nina Simone , Julio Iglesias , Richie Havens , Megadeth , Boy George , Elton John , Jim James , Bonnie Bramlett and Elliott Smith . `` My Sweet Lord '' is ranked 460th on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of `` the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time '' . The song reached number 1 in Britain for a second time when re-released in January 2002 , two months after Harrison 's death .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Michael Keaton will play the role of a supervillain.", "evidence": "Michael John Douglas -LRB- born September 5 , 1951 -RRB- , known professionally as Michael Keaton , is an American actor , producer and director . He first rose to fame for his comedic film roles in Night Shift -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , Mr. Mom -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , Johnny Dangerously -LRB- 1984 -RRB- and Beetlejuice -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , and he earned further acclaim for his dramatic portrayal of the title character in Tim Burton 's Batman -LRB- 1989 -RRB- and Batman Returns -LRB- 1992 -RRB- .   Since then , he has appeared in a variety of films ranging from dramas and romantic comedies to thriller and action films ; such as Clean and Sober -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , The Dream Team -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , Pacific Heights -LRB- 1990 -RRB- , Much Ado About Nothing -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , My Life -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , The Paper -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , Multiplicity -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Jackie Brown -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , Herbie : Fully Loaded -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , The Other Guys -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Need for Speed -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , RoboCop -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Spotlight -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Founder -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , and he has also provided voices for characters in animated films such as Cars -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Toy Story 3 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and Minions -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . In 2017 , Keaton will play the role of Marvel Comics supervillain the Vulture in Spider-Man : Homecoming .   Keaton 's lead performance in Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- -LRB- 2014 -RRB- earned him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy , the Critics ' Choice Award for Best Actor and Best Actor in a Comedy , and nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award , British Academy Film Award , and Academy Award for Best Actor . He previously received a Golden Globe Award nomination for his performance in Live from Baghdad -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for The Company -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Keaton was awarded a Career Achievement Award from both the Hollywood Film Festival and Zurich Film Festivals .   On January 18 , 2016 , he was named Officer of Order of Arts and Letters in France . He is also a visiting scholar at Carnegie Mellon University . </span>  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Moana is a work in the medium of animation.", "evidence": "Moana -LRB- -LSB- mo\u028a\u02c8\u0251\u02d0n\u0259 -RSB- -RRB- is a 2016 American computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 56th Disney animated feature film . Directed by Ron Clements and John Musker , co-directed by Don Hall and Chris Williams , the film introduces Auli'i Cravalho as Moana and features the voices of Dwayne Johnson , Rachel House , Temuera Morrison , Jemaine Clement , Nicole Scherzinger , and Alan Tudyk . The film features music written by Lin-Manuel Miranda , Opetaia Foa'i , and Mark Mancina .   The film tells the story of Moana , the strong-willed daughter of the chief of a Polynesian tribe , who is chosen by the ocean itself to reunite a mystical relic with a goddess . When a blight strikes her island , Moana sets sail in search of Maui , a legendary demigod , in the hope of saving her people .   Moana was released theatrically in the United States on November 23 , 2016 to critical acclaim , with critics particularly praising the film for its animation , music , and voice cast . The film went on to gross over $ 642 million worldwide . Along with Zootopia , it marked the first time since 2002 that Walt Disney Animation Studios released two feature films in the same year . It received two Academy Award nominations at the 89th Academy Awards : one for Best Animated Feature and another for Best Original Song -LRB- `` How Far I 'll Go '' -RRB- .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Salman Khan had a role in an action drama.", "evidence": "Abdul Rashid Salim Salman Khan -LRB- -LSB- ; born 27 December 1965 -RRB- , credited as Salman Khan -LRB- pronunciation : -LSB- - hnss\u0259l\u02c8ma\u02d0n \u02c8xa\u02d0n -RSB- -RRB- , is an Indian film actor , producer , television personality , singer and philanthropist . In a film career spanning more than twenty five years , Khan has received numerous awards , including two National Film Awards as a producer , and two Filmfare Awards as an actor . Described by the CNN as one of the world 's biggest stars , he has a significant following in Asia and the Indian diaspora worldwide , and is cited in the media as one of the most popular and commercially successful actors of Indian cinema .   The son of screenwriter Salim , Khan began his acting career with a supporting role in Biwi Ho To Aisi -LRB- 1988 -RRB- and achieved breakthrough with a leading role in his next releaseSooraj Barjatya 's romance Maine Pyar Kiya -LRB- 1989 -RRB- . Khan went on to establish himself in Bollywood in the 1990s with roles in several top-grossing productions , including the romantic drama Hum Aapke Hain Koun . . ! -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , the action thriller Karan Arjun -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , the comedy Biwi No. 1 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and the family drama Hum Saath-Saath Hain -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . For his role in Karan Johar 's romantic drama Kuch Kuch Hota Hai -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Khan was awarded the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor . After a brief period of decline in the 2000s , Khan achieved greater stardom in the 2010s by playing the lead role in several successful action films , including Dabangg -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Bodyguard -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , Ek Tha Tiger -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , Kick -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , Prem Ratan Dhan Payo -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Bajrangi Bhaijaan -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Sultan -LRB- 2016 -RRB- all rank among the highest-grossing Bollywood films of all time . Ten of the films in which Khan has acted in have accumulated gross earnings of over . He is the only actor to star in the highest-grossing Bollywood films of nine separate years . Khan topped Forbes India charts for 2014 , in terms of both fame and revenues . According to the Forbes 2015 list of ` Celebrity 100 : The World 's Top-Paid Entertainers 2015 ' , Khan was the highest ranked Indian in 71st rank with earnings of $ 33.5 million .   In addition to his acting career , Khan is a stage performer and an active humanitarian through his charity non-profit organisation , Being Human . Khan 's off-screen life is marred by controversy and legal troubles . His tumultuous relationship with Aishwarya Rai , his hunting of endangered species , and a negligent driving case in which he ran over five people with his car , killing one , have been extensively covered by the Indian media . For the last of these , Khan was sentenced to five years ' imprisonment in 2015 , but was later acquitted .  Karan Arjun is a 1995 Indian action thriller drama film starring Salman Khan , Shah Rukh Khan , Raakhee , Mamta Kulkarni , Kajol , Amrish Puri , Aashif Sheikh and Ranjeet . The film was directed by Rakesh Roshan and written by Ravi Kapoor and Sachin Bhowmick . Karan Arjun is a mix of an upbeat Bollywood musical , religious overtones and an action movie . The film was the second highest grossing Hindi film of 1995 after Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge which also starred Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Mel Gibson took a hiatus from directing.", "evidence": "Mel Colmcille Gerard Gibson -LRB- born January 3 , 1956 -RRB- is an American actor and filmmaker . He was born in Peekskill , New York , and moved with his parents to Sydney , Australia , when he was 12 years old .   Gibson is best known as an action hero , for roles such as Martin Riggs in the Lethal Weapon buddy cop film series , and Max Rockatansky in the first three films in the Mad Max post-apocalyptic action series .   He studied acting at the Australian National Institute of Dramatic Art . During the 1980s , he founded Icon Entertainment , a production company which independent film director Atom Egoyan has called , `` an alternative to the studio system '' . Director Peter Weir cast him as one of the leads in the critically acclaimed World War I drama Gallipoli -LRB- 1981 -RRB- , which earned Gibson a Best Actor Award from the Australian Film Institute . The film also helped to earn Gibson the reputation of a serious , versatile actor .   Gibson produced , directed , and starred in the epic historical drama film Braveheart -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , for which he won the Golden Globe Award and Academy Award for Best Director , along with the Academy Award for Best Picture . He later directed and produced the financially successful and controversial , biblical drama film The Passion of the Christ -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . He received further critical notice for his directorial work of the action-adventure film Apocalypto -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , which is set in Mesoamerica during the early 16th century . After a 10-year hiatus from directing , Gibson returned with the critically praised and financially successful Hacksaw Ridge -LRB- 2016 -RRB- , which won the Academy Awards for Best Sound Mixing and Best Film Editing and earned Gibson his second nomination for Best Director .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Twilight series's is a young adult vampire romance series, the first book of which is called Twilight.", "evidence": "Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer . Released annually from 2005 through 2008 , the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella `` Bella '' Swan , a girl who moves to Forks , Washington , and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire named Edward Cullen . The series is told primarily from Bella 's point of view , with the epilogue of Eclipse and Part II of Breaking Dawn being told from the viewpoint of character Jacob Black , a werewolf . The unpublished Midnight Sun is a retelling of the first book , Twilight , from Edward Cullen 's point of view . The novella The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner , which tells the story of a newborn vampire who appeared in Eclipse , was published on June 5 , 2010 , as a hardcover book and on June 7 as a free online ebook . The Twilight Saga : The Official Illustrated Guide , a definitive encyclopedic reference with nearly 100 full color illustrations , was released in bookstores on April 12 , 2011 .   Since the release of the first novel , Twilight , in 2005 , the books have gained immense popularity and commercial success around the world . The series is most popular among young adults ; the four books have won multiple awards , most notably the 2008 British Book Award for `` Children 's Book of the Year '' for Breaking Dawn , while the series as a whole won the 2009 Kids ' Choice Award for Favorite Book .   In November 2011 , the series had sold over 120 million copies worldwide with translations into at least 38 different languages around the globe . The four Twilight books have consecutively set records as the biggest selling novels of 2008 on the USA Today Best-Selling Books list and have spent over 235 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list for Children 's Series Books .   The books have been made into The Twilight Saga '' series of motion pictures by Summit Entertainment . The film adaptations of the first three books were released in 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 respectively . The fourth book is adapted into two full-length films -- the first film being released in November 2011 , and the second film in November 2012 .  Twilight is a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels by American author Stephenie Meyer . Released annually from 2005 through 2008 , the four books chart the later teen years of Isabella `` Bella '' Swan , a girl who moves to Forks , Washington , and falls in love with a 104-year-old vampire named Edward Cullen . The series is told primarily from Bella 's point of view , with the epilogue of Eclipse and Part II of Breaking Dawn being told from the viewpoint of character Jacob Black , a werewolf . The unpublished Midnight Sun is a retelling of the first book , Twilight , from Edward Cullen 's point of view . The novella The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner , which tells the story of a newborn vampire who appeared in Eclipse , was published on June 5 , 2010 , as a hardcover book and on June 7 as a free online ebook . The Twilight Saga : The Official Illustrated Guide , a definitive encyclopedic reference with nearly 100 full color illustrations , was released in bookstores on April 12 , 2011 .   Since the release of the first novel , Twilight , in 2005 , the books have gained immense popularity and commercial success around the world . The series is most popular among young adults ; the four books have won multiple awards , most notably the 2008 British Book Award for `` Children 's Book of the Year '' for Breaking Dawn , while the series as a whole won the 2009 Kids ' Choice Award for Favorite Book .   In November 2011 , the series had sold over 120 million copies worldwide with translations into at least 38 different languages around the globe . The four Twilight books have consecutively set records as the biggest selling novels of 2008 on the USA Today Best-Selling Books list and have spent over 235 weeks on the New York Times Best Seller list for Children 's Series Books .   The books have been made into The Twilight Saga '' series of motion pictures by Summit Entertainment . The film adaptations of the first three books were released in 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 respectively . The fourth book is adapted into two full-length films -- the first film being released in November 2011 , and the second film in November 2012 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Larry Junstrom is a bassist in a rock band.", "evidence": "Lawrence E. `` Larry '' Junstrom -LRB- born June 22 , 1949 -RRB- is an American bassist , best known for having been in rock band 38 Special from 1977 until 2014 . He was also one of the founding members of the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Emily Blunt starred in The Huntsman: Winter's War.", "evidence": "Emily Olivia Leah Blunt -LRB- born 23 February 1983 -RRB- is a British film and stage actress . Blunt made her professional debut in a 2001 London production of the play The Royal Family . Two years later , she appeared on screen for the first time in the 2003 television film Boudica -LRB- Warrior Queen -RRB- . Her performance in the 2004 drama film My Summer of Love garnered her the Evening Standard British Film Award for Most Promising Newcomer .   For her performance in the TV film Gideon 's Daughter -LRB- 2006 -RRB- she received a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress . The same year , she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actress -- Motion Picture and a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for The Devil Wears Prada .   In 2009 , Blunt received the BAFTA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year . She received more acclaim for portraying Queen Victoria in The Young Victoria -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , receiving a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture -- Drama . 2009 also saw Blunt appear in the crime caper comedy Wild Target with Bill Nighy and Rupert Grint . She found commercial success for roles in the romantic science-fiction thriller The Adjustment Bureau -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , the science-fiction action thriller Looper -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and the science-fiction military film Edge of Tomorrow -LRB- 2014 -RRB- .   Blunt received her fourth and fifth Golden Globe Award nominations for her roles in the romantic comedy-drama Salmon Fishing in the Yemen -LRB- 2012 -RRB- and the musical fantasy Into the Woods -LRB- 2014 -RRB- in the Best Actress -- Motion Picture Comedy or Musical category . In 2016 , Blunt starred in the fantasy-action film The Huntsman : Winter 's War and The Girl on the Train , the latter based on the international best-selling novel of the same name , and a performance that earned her nominations for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Ten Commandments is an epic movie.", "evidence": "The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American biblical epic film produced , directed , and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille , shot in VistaVision -LRB- color by Technicolor -RRB- , and released by Paramount Pictures . The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson , Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham , On Eagle 's Wings by A.E. Southon , and the Book of Exodus . The Ten Commandments dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses , an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren , the enslaved Hebrews , and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai , where he receives , from God , the Ten Commandments . The film stars Charlton Heston in the lead role , Yul Brynner as Rameses , Anne Baxter as Nefretiri , Edward G. Robinson as Dathan , Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora , Debra Paget as Lilia , and John Derek as Joshua ; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi , Nina Foch as Bithiah , Martha Scott as Yoshebel , Judith Anderson as Memnet , and Vincent Price as Baka , among others .   Filmed on location in Egypt , Mount Sinai and the Sinai Peninsula , the film was DeMille 's last and most successful work . It is a partial remake of his 1923 silent film of the same title , and features one of the largest sets ever created for a film . The film was released to cinemas in the USA on 5 October 1956 and , at the time of its release , was the most expensive film ever made .   In 1957 , the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Picture , winning the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects -LRB- John P. Fulton , A.S.C. -RRB- . Charlton Heston was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture -LRB- Drama -RRB- for his role as Moses . Yul Brynner won the National Board of Review Award for Best Actor for his role as Rameses and his other roles in Anastasia and The King and I . It is also one of the most financially successful films ever made , grossing approximately $ 122.7 million at the box office during its initial release ; it was the most successful film of 1956 and the second-highest-grossing film of the decade . According to Guinness World Records , in terms of theatrical exhibition it is the seventh most successful film of all-time when the box office gross is adjusted for inflation .   In 1999 , the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' . In June 2008 , the American Film Institute revealed its `` Ten Top Ten '' -- the best ten films in ten American film genres -- after polling over 1,500 people from the creative community . The film was listed as the tenth best film in the epic genre . Network television has aired the film in prime time during the Passover/Easter season every year since 1973 . The last credited actor in the movie still alive is Joanna Merlin .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Demi Lovato is an LGBT community advocate.", "evidence": "Demetria Devonne Lovato -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8d\u025bmi_lo\u028a-\u02c8v\u0251\u02d0to\u028a -RSB- or ; born August 20 , 1992 -RRB- is an American singer , songwriter , and actress . After making her debut as a child actress in Barney & Friends , Lovato rose to prominence in 2008 when she starred in the Disney Channel television film Camp Rock and released her debut single `` This Is Me '' which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 . The success of the film and its soundtrack resulted in a recording contract with Hollywood Records . Her debut album , Do n't Forget -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 . The following year , Lovato was cast as the titular character of the television series Sonny with a Chance and she released her sophomore album , Here We Go Again , which became her first one to top the Billboard 200 chart .   After the release of additional television films and their soundtracks in 2010 , including Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam , Lovato 's personal issues put her career on a hiatus and led to the discontinuation of Sonny with a Chance after a second season . She entered a treatment center in November 2010 to seek help for addictions , an eating disorder , and self-harm . While there , she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder . Work on her third studio album , Unbroken -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , began after she successfully completed treatment . The album addresses several of her difficulties . Its lead single , `` Skyscraper '' , became Lovato 's second top 10 entry in the US , while its second single , `` Give Your Heart a Break '' , was certified triple platinum in the country . Lovato was a judge and mentor on the American version of The X Factor in 2012 and 2013 . Her third album , Demi -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , opened with first-week sales of 110,000 copies . The lead single from her eponymous album , `` Heart Attack '' , became her third top 10 in the US and the album spawned three more singles . While promoting the project , Lovato released a book titled Staying Strong : 365 Days a Year -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . She also returned to acting as a recurring character in Glee , and released a memoir in 2014 . Lovato 's fifth album , Confident -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , reached number two on the Billboard 200 . Its lead single `` Cool for the Summer '' was eventually certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America . All five of Lovato 's albums have received a gold certification in the US .   Musically , Lovato is considered a pop , pop rock , and R&B artist . Lovato has received a considerable number of accolades , including an MTV Video Music Award , 13 Teen Choice Awards , five People 's Choice Awards , an ALMA Award , a Latin American Music Award and a Grammy Award nomination . In 2013 , Maxim ranked her 26th on its Hot 100 list and Billboard ranked her second on its Social 50 Artists of the Year list . Outside the entertainment industry , Lovato has been involved with several social and environmental causes since the launch of her career . In May 2013 , she was cited for her dedication as a mentor to teens and young adults with mental health challenges at a National Children 's Mental Health Awareness Day hosted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in Washington , D.C. . She has also become an advocate for the LGBT community , and women 's rights . In 2014 , she was announced as the Grand Marshal for LA Pride week , and that same year she became the face for Human Rights Campaign 's Americans for Marriage Equality Campaign . In April 2016 , Lovato was honored with the GLAAD Vanguard Award for making a significant difference in promoting equal rights for LGBT people .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ayutthaya was friendly towards foreigners.", "evidence": "The Kingdom of Ayutthaya -LRB- -LSB- \u0251\u02d0\u02c8ju\u02d0t\u0259j\u0259 -RSB- \u0e2d\u0e22\u0e38\u0e18\u0e22\u0e32 , -LSB- \u0294aj\u00fatt\u02b0aja\u02d0 -RSB- ; also spelled Ayudhya or Ayodhaya -RRB- was a Siamese kingdom that existed from 1351 to 1767 . Ayutthaya was friendly towards foreign traders , including the Chinese , Vietnamese , Indians , Japanese and Persians , and later the Portuguese , Spaniards , Dutch , English and French , permitting them to set up villages outside the walls of the capital , also called Ayutthaya .   In the sixteenth century , it was described by foreign traders as one of the biggest and wealthiest cities in the East . The court of King Narai -LRB- 1656 -- 88 -RRB- had strong links with that of King Louis XIV of France , whose ambassadors compared the city in size and wealth to Paris .   By 1550 , the kingdom 's vassals included some city-states in the Malay Peninsula , Sukhothai , Lan Na and parts of Burma and Cambodia . This part of the Kingdom 's history is sometimes referred to as ` The Ayutthayan Empire . '   In foreign accounts , Ayutthaya was called Siam , but many sources say the people of Ayutthaya called themselves Tai , and their kingdom Krung Tai `` The Tai country '' . It was also referred to as Iudea in a painting that was requested by the Dutch East India Company  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "O. J. Simpson was an actor.", "evidence": "Orenthal James `` O. J. '' Simpson -LRB- born July 9 , 1947 -RRB- , nicknamed The Juice , is a former American football running back , broadcaster , actor , and convicted armed robber and kidnapper .   Simpson attended the University of Southern California -LRB- USC -RRB- , where he played college football for the USC Trojans and won the Heisman Trophy in 1968 . He played professionally in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as a running back for 11 seasons , with the Buffalo Bills from 1969 to 1977 and with the San Francisco 49ers from 1978 to 1979 . In 1973 , he became the first NFL player to rush for more than 2,000 yards in a season ; holding the record for the single season yards-per-game average , which stands at 143.1 . He is the only player to ever rush for over 2,000 yards in the 14-game regular season NFL format .   Simpson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983 and the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1985 . After retiring from football , he began new careers in acting and football broadcasting .   In 1995 , Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman after a lengthy and internationally publicised trial . The families of the victims filed a civil suit against him , and in 1997 a civil court awarded a $ 33.5 million judgment against Simpson for the victims ' wrongful deaths .   In 2007 , Simpson was arrested in Las Vegas , Nevada , and charged with felonies including armed robbery and kidnapping . In 2008 , he was convicted and sentenced to 33 years imprisonment , with a minimum of nine years without parole . He is serving his sentence at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock , Nevada .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "March was the month Jennifer Grey was born on.", "evidence": "Jennifer Grey -LRB- born March 26 , 1960 -RRB- is an American actress . She is known for her roles in the 1980s films Ferris Bueller 's Day Off -LRB- 1986 -RRB- and Dirty Dancing -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , for which Grey earned a Golden Globe Award nomination . She is also known for her 2010 victory in season eleven of the American version of Strictly Come Dancing . Grey is the daughter of Academy Award -- winning actor Joel Grey and former actress/singer Jo Wilder . Grey currently stars in the Amazon Studios comedy series Red Oaks .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Ben Whishaw was in Perfume: The Store of a Murderer.", "evidence": "Benjamin John `` Ben '' Whishaw -LRB- born 14 October 1980 -RRB- is an English actor . He is known for his stage role as Hamlet ; his roles in the television series Nathan Barley , Criminal Justice , The Hour and London Spy ; and film roles including Perfume : The Story of a Murderer -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , I 'm Not There -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , Bright Star -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Brideshead Revisited -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Cloud Atlas -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , The Lobster -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Suffragette -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and The Danish Girl -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . He has also played the role of Q in the James Bond films starting with Skyfall -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , and was the voice of Paddington Bear in the 2014 film , Paddington .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Arrow is available on DVD only in region 3.", "evidence": "Arrow is an American action crime television series developed by writer/producers Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , and Andrew Kreisberg . It is based on the DC Comics character Green Arrow , a costumed crime-fighter created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp . It premiered in North America on The CW on October 10 , 2012 , with international broadcasting taking place in late 2012 . Primarily filmed in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , the series follows billionaire playboy Oliver Queen -LRB- Stephen Amell -RRB- , who , five years after being stranded on a hostile island , returns home to fight crime and corruption as a secret vigilante whose weapon of choice is a bow and arrow .   The series takes a new look at the Green Arrow character , as well as other characters from the DC Comics universe . Although Oliver Queen/Green Arrow had been featured in the television series Smallville from 2006 to 2011 , on the CW , the producers decided to start clean and find a new actor to portray the character . Arrow focuses on the humanity of Oliver Queen , and how he was changed by time spent shipwrecked on an island . Most episodes in the first five seasons have flashback scenes to the five years in which Oliver was missing .   Arrow has received generally positive reviews from critics . The series averaged about 3.68 million viewers over the course of the first season and received several awards and multiple nominations . To promote it , a preview comic book was released before the television series began , while webisodes featuring a product tie-in with Bose were developed for the second season . The first four seasons are available on DVD and Blu-ray in regions 1 , 2 and 4 ; a soundtrack was also released for the first two seasons . In October 2014 , a spin-off series set in the same universe , titled The Flash , premiered . In August 2015 , an animated spin-off , Vixen , was released , while a second live-action spin-off , Legends of Tomorrow , premiered in January 2016 , featuring a number of characters from Arrow and The Flash . On March 11 , 2016 , the series was renewed for a fifth season , which premiered on October 5 , 2016 . On January 8 , 2017 , The CW renewed the show for a sixth season .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "The Narrows is a film from America.", "evidence": "The Narrows is an American 2008 independent film starring Kevin Zegers , Sophia Bush , Vincent D'Onofrio , Eddie Cahill and Monica Keena .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The Academy Honorary Award was put in place in 1948.", "evidence": "The Academy Honorary Award -- instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards -LRB- previously called the Special Award , which was first presented in early 1929 -RRB- -- is given annually by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences -LRB- AMPAS -RRB- to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards , although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award . Unless otherwise specified , Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards . Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972 -LRB- and discontinued in 1995 -RRB- , those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet `` the Academy 's eligibility year and deadline requirements . '' Like the Special Achievement Award , the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories , subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories , and to honor exceptional career achievements , contributions to the motion picture industry , and service to the Academy . The Academy Honorary Award is often awarded in preference to those with noted achievements in motion pictures who have nevertheless never won an Academy Award . Thus , many of its recipients are Classic Hollywood stars , such as Lillian Gish , Barbara Stanwyck , Kirk Douglas , and Lauren Bacall .   Since 2009 the Honorary Award is presented at the annual Governors Awards rather than at the Academy Awards .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Caitlyn Jenner changed her gender from male to female.", "evidence": "Caitlyn Marie Jenner -LRB- born October 28 , 1949 -RRB- , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , is an American television personality and retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete . Jenner was a college football player for the Graceland Yellowjackets before incurring a knee injury that required surgery . Coach L. D. Weldon , who had coached Olympic decathlete Jack Parker , convinced Jenner to try the decathlon . After intense training , Jenner won the 1976 Olympics decathlon event at the Montreal Olympic Games , gaining fame as `` an all-American hero '' . Jenner set a third successive world record while winning the Olympics . The winner of the Olympic decathlon is traditionally given the unofficial title of `` world 's greatest athlete '' . With that stature , Jenner subsequently established a career in television , film , writing , auto racing , business and as a Playgirl cover model .   Jenner has six children from marriages to wives Chrystie Crownover , Linda Thompson , and Kris Jenner . Since 2007 , Jenner has appeared on the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians with Kris , their daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner , and step-children Kourtney , Kim , Khlo\u00e9 , and Rob Kardashian . Previously identifying publicly as male , Jenner revealed her identity as a trans woman in April 2015 , publicly announcing her name change from Bruce to Caitlyn in a July 2015 Vanity Fair cover story . Her name and gender change became official on September 25 , 2015 . She has been called the most famous openly transgender woman in the world . From 2015 to 2016 , Jenner starred in the reality television series I Am Cait , which focused on her gender transition .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Travis Barker collaborated with others.", "evidence": "Travis Landon Barker -LRB- born November 14 , 1975 -RRB- is an American musician and producer , and the drummer for the rock band Blink-182 . Barker has also performed as a frequent collaborator with hip-hop artists , and with the alternative rock band +44 , the rap rock group the Transplants , the alternative rock band Box Car Racer , and most recently with Antemasque . He was a frequent collaborator with the late DJ AM , and together they formed TRV$ DJAM .   After the split of his first band , Feeble , Barker began playing for the Aquabats in 1996 as the Baron Von Tito . He recorded one album with them , The Fury of The Aquabats ! , in 1997 . His career rose when he joined Blink-182 in 1998 . Barker has since established himself as a versatile drummer , producing and making guest appearances in music projects of numerous music genres including hip hop , alternative rock , pop and country . He has gained significant acceptance within the hip-hop community in particular and often collaborates with artists to compose rock-tinged remixes to their songs . Barker collaborated with artists -LRB- including Game , Yelawolf , Tom Morello , Corey Taylor , Slaughterhouse , Raekwon , Busta Rhymes , RZA , Slash , and other musicians -RRB- for his solo debut album , Give the Drummer Some , which was released on March 15 , 2011 .   In 2011 , he worked with Steve Aoki and Kid Cudi in Aoki 's hit single Cudi the Kid , as part of his album Wonderland , with Barker as lead drummer .   Aside from drumming , he founded clothing company Famous Stars and Straps in 1999 and LaSalle Records in 2004 . Companies such as DC Shoes and Zildjian cymbals have co-designed products in his name . Rolling Stone referred to him as `` punk 's first superstar drummer . ''  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Judith Quiney was the daughter of a man.", "evidence": "Judith Quiney -LRB- baptised 2 February 1585 -- 9 February 1662 -RRB- , n\u00e9e Shakespeare , was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of Shakespeare 's only son Hamnet Shakespeare . She married Thomas Quiney , a vintner of Stratford-upon-Avon . The circumstances of the marriage , including Quiney 's misconduct , may have prompted the rewriting of Shakespeare 's will . Thomas was struck out , while Judith 's inheritance was attached with provisions to safeguard it from her husband . The bulk of Shakespeare 's estate was left , in an elaborate fee tail , to his elder daughter Susanna and her male heirs .   Judith and Thomas Quiney had three children . By the time of Judith Quiney 's death , she had outlived her children by many years . She has been depicted in several works of fiction as part of an attempt to piece together unknown portions of her father 's life .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Sam Worthington was born in 1876.", "evidence": "Samuel Henry John Worthington -LRB- born 2 August 1976 -RRB- is a British-born Australian actor . He played the main character role of Alex Mason in the Call of Duty : Black Ops series . He portrayed the protagonist Jake Sully in the 2009 film Avatar ; Marcus Wright in Terminator Salvation ; and Perseus in Clash of the Titans and its sequel , Wrath of the Titans ; before transitioning to more dramatic roles , in Everest -LRB- 2015 -RRB- and Hacksaw Ridge -LRB- 2016 -RRB- .   In 2004 , Worthington received Australia 's highest film award for his lead role in Somersault . He performed predominantly in leading roles in a variety of low-budget films before moving to major studio films , ranging from romantic drama and comedy-drama to science fiction and action .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "Ron Perlman was born in 1950 as Ronald N. Perlman.", "evidence": "Ronald N. Perlman -LRB- born April 13 , 1950 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor . He is best known for his roles as Clay Morrow on the television series Sons of Anarchy , Vincent on the television series Beauty and the Beast -LRB- for which he won a Golden Globe Award -RRB- , and as the comic book character Hellboy in both Hellboy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and its sequel Hellboy II : The Golden Army -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .   Perlman is also well known as a frequent collaborator of Hellboy director Guillermo del Toro , also having roles in his films Cronos , Blade II and Pacific Rim . He is also known for his voice-over work as the narrator of the post-apocalyptic game series Fallout , Clayface on Batman : The Animated Series , Slade on the animated series Teen Titans , The Lich in Adventure Time , The Stabbington Brothers in Disney 's animated film Tangled , and as the narrator of the television series 1000 Ways to Die .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "The United States used nuclear weapons in warfare.", "evidence": "The United States of America -LRB- USA -RRB- , commonly known as the United States -LRB- U.S. -RRB- or America , is a constitutional federal republic composed of 50 states , a federal district , five major self-governing territories , and various possessions .  Forty-eight of the fifty states and the federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico . The state of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America , bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west . The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean . The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea . Nine time zones are covered . The geography , climate and wildlife of the country are extremely diverse .   At 3.8 million square miles -LRB- 9.8 million km2 -RRB- and with over 324 million people , the United States is the world 's third - or fourth-largest country by total area , third-largest by land area , and the third-most populous . It is one of the world 's most ethnically diverse and multicultural nations , and is home to the world 's largest immigrant population . The capital is Washington , D.C. , and the largest city is New York City ; nine other major metropolitan areas -- each with at least 4.5 million inhabitants and the largest having more than 13 million people -- are Los Angeles , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , Philadelphia , Miami , Atlanta , Boston , and San Francisco .   Paleo-Indians migrated from Asia to the North American mainland at least 15,000 years ago . European colonization began in the 16th century . The United States emerged from 13 British colonies along the East Coast . Numerous disputes between Great Britain and the colonies following the Seven Years ' War led to the American Revolution , which began in 1775 . On July 4 , 1776 , during the course of the American Revolutionary War , the colonies unanimously adopted the Declaration of Independence . The war ended in 1783 with recognition of the independence of the United States by Great Britain , representing the first successful war of independence against a European power . The current constitution was adopted in 1788 , after the Articles of Confederation , adopted in 1781 , were felt to have provided inadequate federal powers . The first ten amendments , collectively named the Bill of Rights , were ratified in 1791 and designed to guarantee many fundamental civil liberties .   The United States embarked on a vigorous expansion across North America throughout the 19th century , displacing Native American tribes , acquiring new territories , and gradually admitting new states until it spanned the continent by 1848 . During the second half of the 19th century , the American Civil War led to the end of legal slavery in the country . By the end of that century , the United States extended into the Pacific Ocean , and its economy , driven in large part by the Industrial Revolution , began to soar . The Spanish -- American War and confirmed the country 's status as a global military power . The United States emerged from as a global superpower , the first country to develop nuclear weapons , the only country to use them in warfare , and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council . The end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 left the United States as the world 's sole superpower . The U.S. is a founding member of the United Nations , World Bank , International Monetary Fund , Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , and other international organizations .   The United States is a highly developed country , with the world 's largest economy by nominal GDP and second-largest economy by PPP . Though its population is only 4.3 % of the world total , Americans hold nearly 40 % of the total wealth in the world . The United States ranks among the highest in several measures of socioeconomic performance , including average wage , human development , per capita GDP , and productivity per person . While the U.S. economy is considered post-industrial , characterized by the dominance of services and knowledge economy , the manufacturing sector remains the second-largest in the world . Accounting for approximately a quarter of global GDP and a third of global military spending , the United States is the world 's foremost economic and military power . The United States is a prominent political and cultural force internationally , and a leader in scientific research and technological innovations .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Henry V is a 2012 British film.", "evidence": "Henry V is a 2012 British television film based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare . It is the fourth film in the series of television films called The Hollow Crown produced by Sam Mendes for BBC Two covering the whole of Shakespeare 's Henriad . It was directed by Thea Sharrock and stars Tom Hiddleston as Henry V of England .   Henry V is the fourth play in Shakespeare 's tetralogy dealing with the successive reigns of Richard II , Henry IV , and Henry V.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Joseph is the middle name of Neal Schon.", "evidence": "Neal Joseph Schon -LRB- born February 27 , 1954 -RRB- is an American rock guitarist , songwriter , and vocalist , best known for his work with the bands Journey and Bad English . He is Journey 's last original constant member , having participated in every album and tour to date . He was a member of the rock band Santana before forming Journey , and was also an original member of Hardline .   Schon was inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame on August 23 , 2013 . Schon was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Journey on April 7 , 2017 .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Chris Evans (actor) worked on Before We Go.", "evidence": "Christopher Robert Evans -LRB- born June 13 , 1981 -RRB- is an American actor and filmmaker . Evans is known for his superhero roles as the Marvel Comics characters Captain America in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the Human Torch in Fantastic Four and its 2007 sequel .   He began his career on the 2000 television series Opposite Sex , and has since appeared in a number of films , such as Not Another Teen Movie , Sunshine , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , Snowpiercer and Gifted . In 2014 , Evans made his directorial debut with the drama film Before We Go , in which he also starred .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Lily James was in a BBC production.", "evidence": "Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson -LRB- born 5 April 1989 -RRB- , known as Lily James , is an English actress . She played Lady Rose Aldridge in the ITV period drama Downton Abbey and the title role in the 2015 Disney film Cinderella .   James began her professional acting career as Ethel Brown in the 2010 BBC production Just William . In 2011 and 2012 , she earned warm reviews in several London theatre productions . She began to appear in Hollywood films in 2012 , with roles in Wrath of the Titans and Fast Girls , and was seen in further television roles , including that of Countess Natasha Rostova in the 2016 BBC historical drama series War & Peace .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Legally Blonde was scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith and stars Reese Witherspoon.", "evidence": "Legally Blonde is a 2001 American comedy film adapted from the novel of the same title by Amanda Brown . It was directed by Robert Luketic , scripted by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , and stars Reese Witherspoon , Luke Wilson , Selma Blair , Matthew Davis , Victor Garber , and Jennifer Coolidge . The film tells the story of Elle Woods , a sorority girl who attempts to win back her ex-boyfriend by getting a law degree .   The film was released on July 13 , 2001 , and received positive reviews from critics . The critics ' consensus states that `` though the material is predictable and formulaic , Reese Witherspoon 's funny , nuanced performance makes this movie better than it would have been otherwise '' . It was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture : Musical or Comedy and ranked 29th on Bravo 's 2007 list of `` 100 Funniest Movies '' . Witherspoon received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress -- Motion Picture Musical or Comedy , and the 2002 MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance .   The box-office success led to a 2003 sequel , Red , White & Blonde , and a 2009 direct-to-DVD spin-off , Legally Blondes . Additionally , Legally Blonde : The Musical premiered on January 23 , 2007 , in San Francisco and opened in New York City at the Palace Theatre on Broadway on April 29 , 2007 , starring Laura Bell Bundy .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Major League Soccer playoffs does not go through November and December.", "evidence": "Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- is a men 's professional soccer league , sanctioned by U.S. Soccer , that represents the sport 's highest level in both the United States and Canada . MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada . The league comprises 22 teams -- 19 in the U.S. and 3 in Canada . The MLS regular season runs from March to October , with each team playing 34 games ; the team with the best record is awarded the Supporters ' Shield . The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December , culminating in the championship game , the MLS Cup . MLS teams also play in other domestic competitions against teams from other divisions in the U.S. Open Cup and in the Canadian Championship . MLS teams also compete against continental rivals in the CONCACAF Champions League .   Major League Soccer was founded in 1993 as part of the United States ' successful bid to host the 1994 FIFA World Cup . The first season took place in 1996 with ten teams . MLS experienced financial and operational struggles in its first few years : The league lost millions of dollars , teams played in mostly empty American football stadiums , and two teams folded in 2002 . Since then , MLS has expanded to 22 teams , owners built soccer-specific stadiums , average MLS attendance exceeds that of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- and National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- , MLS secured national TV contracts , and the league is now profitable .   Instead of operating as an association of independently owned teams , MLS is a single entity in which each team is owned and controlled by the league 's investors . The investor-operators control their teams as owners control teams in other leagues , and are commonly -LRB- but inaccurately -RRB- referred to as the team 's owners . The league has a fixed membership , like most sports leagues in the United States and Canada , which makes it one of the world 's few soccer leagues that does not use promotion and relegation , a practice that is uncommon in the two countries . MLS headquarters is located in New York City .  ", "label": "REFUTES"}
{"claim": "President of the United States Ronald Reagan publicly describe the Soviet Union as an \"evil empire.\"", "evidence": "Ronald Wilson Reagan -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8r\u0252n\u0259ld_\u02c8w\u026als\u0259n_\u02c8re\u026a\u0261\u0259n -RSB- -RRB- -LRB- February 6 , 1911 -- June 5 , 2004 -RRB- was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 . Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .   Raised in a poor family in small towns of northern Illinois , Reagan graduated from Eureka College in 1932 and worked as a sports announcer on several regional radio stations . After moving to Hollywood in 1937 , he became an actor and starred in a few major productions . Reagan was twice elected President of the Screen Actors Guild , the labor union for actors , where he worked to root out Communist influence . In the 1950s , he moved into television and was a motivational speaker at General Electric factories . Having been a lifelong Democrat , his views changed . He became a conservative and in 1962 switched to the Republican Party . In 1964 , Reagan 's speech , `` A Time for Choosing '' , in support of Barry Goldwater 's foundering presidential campaign , earned him national attention as a new conservative spokesman . Building a network of supporters , he was elected Governor of California in 1966 . As governor , Reagan raised taxes , turned a state budget deficit to a surplus , challenged the protesters at the University of California , ordered National Guard troops in during a period of protest movements in 1969 , and was re-elected in 1970 . He twice ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidency in 1968 and 1976 ; four years later , he easily won the nomination outright , becoming the oldest elected U.S. president up to that time , defeating incumbent Jimmy Carter in 1980 .   Entering the presidency in 1981 , Reagan implemented sweeping new political and economic initiatives . His supply-side economic policies , dubbed `` Reaganomics '' , advocated tax rate reduction to spur economic growth , control of the money supply to curb inflation , economic deregulation , and reduction in government spending . In his first term he survived an assassination attempt , spurred the War on Drugs , and fought public sector labor . Over his two terms , the economy saw a reduction of inflation from 12.5 % to 4.4 % , and an average annual growth of real GDP of 3.4 ; while Reagan did enact cuts in domestic discretionary spending , tax cuts and increased military spending contributed to increased federal outlays overall , even after adjustment for inflation . During his re-election bid , Reagan campaigned on the notion that it was `` Morning in America '' , winning a landslide in 1984 with the largest electoral college victory in American history . Foreign affairs dominated his second term , including ending of the Cold War , the bombing of Libya , and the Iran -- Contra affair . Publicly describing the Soviet Union as an `` evil empire '' , and during his famous speech at the Brandenburg Gate , President Reagan challenged Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev to `` tear down this wall ! '' . He transitioned Cold War policy from d\u00e9tente to rollback , by escalating an arms race with the USSR while engaging in talks with Gorbachev , which culminated in the INF Treaty , shrinking both countries ' nuclear arsenals . Reagan 's presidency came during the decline of the Soviet Union and just ten months after the end of his term , the Berlin Wall fell , and on December 26 , 1991 , nearly three years after he left office , the Soviet Union collapsed .   Leaving office in 1989 , Reagan held an approval rating of sixty-eight percent , matching those of Franklin D. Roosevelt , and later Bill Clinton , as the highest ratings for departing presidents in the modern era . He was the first president since Dwight D. Eisenhower to serve two full terms , after a succession of five prior presidents failed to do so . While having planned an active post-presidency , in 1994 Reagan disclosed his diagnosis with Alzheimer 's disease earlier that year , appearing publicly for the last time at the funeral of Richard Nixon ; he died ten years later in 2004 at the age of 93 ; Reagan had the second-longest life out of all the presidents ; the current longest lifespan of a president is held by Gerald Ford , who died two years after Reagan . An icon among Republicans , he is viewed favorably in historian rankings of U.S. presidents , and his tenure constituted a realignment toward conservative policies in the U.S.  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
{"claim": "Joseph Stalin was involved in the Soviet Union.", "evidence": "Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin -LRB- -LSB- \u02c8st\u0251\u02d0l\u026an -RSB- 18 December 1878 -- 5 March 1953 -RRB- was a Soviet revolutionary , politician and political theorist . He governed the Soviet Union from the mid-1920s until his death in 1953 . In this capacity , he served as the Premier of the Soviet Union from 1941 to 1953 and as General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1952 . Ideologically a Marxist and a Leninist , he helped to formalise these ideas as Marxism-Leninism while his own policies and theories became known as Stalinism .   Stalin was born to a poor Georgian family in Gori , Russian Empire . After an education at Tiflis Spiritual Seminary , he joined the Marxist Russian Social Democratic Labour Party . Affiliated with Vladimir Lenin 's Bolshevik faction , he raised funds via underground activities such as the 1907 Tiflis bank robbery . After the Bolsheviks seized power in 1917 and established a one-party state , Stalin sat on the Politburo during the Russian Civil War . In 1922 Stalin became General Secretary and established the Soviet Union . Despite Lenin 's objection , power consolidated around Stalin and opposition removed following Lenin 's death in 1924 . During Stalin 's tenure the concept of `` Socialism in One Country '' became a central tenet of Soviet society , and a cult of personality developed around Stalin . Lenin 's New Economic Policy was replaced with a centralised command economy , industrialisation and collectivisation . These rapidly transformed the country from an agrarian society into an industrial power , but disrupted food production and contributed to the famine of 1933 -- 34 . Between 1934 and 1939 , Stalin organised the `` Great Purge '' , in which millions of so-called `` enemies of the working class '' , including senior political and military figures , were interned in Gulag-run prisons , exiled or executed , often without due process .   In August 1939 Stalin entered a non-aggression pact with Nazi Germany , resulting in their invasion of Poland in September of that year . Germany ended the pact by invading the Soviet Union in 1941 . Despite initial setbacks , the Soviet Red Army halted the German incursion and captured Berlin in May 1945 , ending World War II in Europe . The Soviet Union annexed the Baltic states and backed the establishment of pro-Soviet Marxist governments both throughout Eastern Europe and in China , North Korea , and North Vietnam . The Soviet Union and United States emerged as the two world superpowers , and a period of tensions began between the Soviet-backed Eastern Bloc and U.S.-backed Western Bloc known as the Cold War . Stalin led the Soviet Union through its post-war reconstruction phase , during which it became the second country to develop a nuclear weapon , as well as launching the Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature in response to another major famine and the Great Construction Projects of Communism . Stalin died in 1953 and was succeeded by Nikita Khrushchev , who denounced Stalin and initiated a de-Stalinisation process .   Stalin is widely considered one of the most significant and influential figures of the 20th century . Stalinism influenced various Marxist-Leninist groups and governments across the world , for whom Stalin was a champion of socialism and the working class . After the fall of the Soviet Union , Stalin has been praised by supporters for his role in defeating Nazi Germany and establishing the Soviet Union as a major world power . Critics emphasise his role in causing millions of deaths and numerous political , religious and ethnic repressions .  ", "label": "SUPPORTS"}
